The crawler-transporter will carry the rocket on the 4.2-mile journey to Launch Pad 39B.Maine Senator Olympia Snowe, the lone Republican in the Senate Finance Committee to vote for the Baucus bill, has said she will oppose any plan that emerges with a "public option."I think it would be really politically insane for people to take that too literally.Update: Johnny-come-lamely Newt Gingrich endorses Hoffman.Following in the spirit of the "tea party" protests in April and the Glenn Beck-inspired 9/12 rally, Bachmann announced, "We're going to have a 'house call' and a big party out on the National Mall [next week], and we're going to tell Congress what they can do with their health care bill."I think I'll live-blog Halloween.You can, of course read the full review of the Motorola Droid on our reviews website.The well-organized party is canvassing heavily in Northern Virginia, Obama campaigned personally in a region rich with black voters - Norfolk - raised money for Deeds and appeared in a television commercal for the candidate.3Flames shot more than 100 feet high in a successful 5.5-second ground test firing Thursday, Nov. 20, 2008 of a launch abort motor for NASA's next generation spacecraft, the Orion crew exploration vehicle."And then Arnold, who plays my old rival, walks in. We have a history together. And we go back and forth and I tell him that I should have shot him a long time ago when I had the chance. Then it goes on from there. And here we are, the three of us trying to man up to one another, playing off of who we are, using our baggage in this one scene."Erick Erickson is correct.The iron lung, an antiquated device which uses pressurised bellows to force the lungs to breathe, was Middleton's best treatment option.In addition to stories like Hamish Bowles's first-person account of his wildlife survival mission, the magazine dabbles in the world of sustainable food.[Ed. Oh, we'll definitely know that soon enough. Intimately.]Still, that's not to say it doesn't work, and we're particularly enjoying the unified inbox - which, despite the billing, still keeps Gmail separate from everything else - and the pop-up menu tapping on a contact's name brings, offering the various ways you can communicate with them (email, call, SMS, Facebook message, etc).The iMac ships in a simple box with styrofoam corners, including just a power cable and an accessory box that holds the keyboard, mouse, an introductory booklet, a screen wipe cloth, install and restore DVDs, stickers and regulatory information.Here's what voters thought they knew:[RSS AAC] Add the Engadget Podcast feed (in enhanced AAC) to your RSS aggregator.The Siena Research Institute poll shows Democrat Bill Owens and Doug Hoffman are neck-and-neck, with Scozzafava far behind.Previous studies provide conflicting results about the incidence and severity of lupus nephritis in patients with a history of lupus who have undergone a kidney transplant.Along with comparison shopping and making a simple price book, one of the often overlooked uses for ubiquitous capture - but one I use all the time - is using your notebook to capture gift ideas.Better news for CAW members is that Ford's Oakville assembly complex, also in Ontario, has the go-ahead to add a third shift when needed.Despite all of the custodial trauma Levi's claiming, you've gotta wonder if he isn't enjoying his time in the limelight.The strategy also called for later DVD home sales of the movie, a CD box set, and all the predictable merchandising.Like the "doc fix" defeated in the Senate, it wouldn't add to the actual costs in the health care bill, thus preserving the illusion that the big bill will cost less than $1 trillion.In any case, what do you think?The new 27" iMac, along with its smaller 21.5" partner, also sport higher quality IPS LCD screen technology, resulting in spectacular color, contrast and wide viewing angles.There are times of inconvenience and any abuse will be fought and overcome.That was a bit of a digression, but salient.UPDATE: Republican nominee for Congress Dede Scozzafava announced Saturday that she has dropped out of the race, according to the Watertown Daily Times.And when they get this healthcare bill, if they do, that's the easiest, fastest way for them to be able to regulate every aspect of human behavior, because it'll all have some related cost to healthcare: what you drive, what you eat, where you live, what you do.David Cromer, who also directed the production of "Our Town" that is still running Off Broadway, was directing both Simon plays.If the candidate is black and male and fills this bill (Michael Williams), great.Only this time Elisabeth Hasselbeck was wearing an enormous cereal box.Women are more than their reproductive organs.The device is quite awesome.The special election is Tuesday.Under Armour (NYSE: UA) posted better-than-expectedquarterly results and raised its full-year guidance along the way.Overall, however, a majority of Americans across their country have a reasonably high level of trust in their neighbors with even the lowest-ranking state having 60 percent who believe their wallets would be returned.The goal of the program is to provide a road map for associates detailing the specific skills required at each of the newly created levels - junior, midlevel, and senior associates.Whereas Cavallari was introduced as the anti-heroine off the bat, a role already occupied to perfection by Heidi Montag.You can take 'The Hills' out of Orange County, but you can't take Lauren Conrad out of 'The Hills'.And the fact is that there are many women in America like DeDe Scozzafava, Republicans with an ideological disconnect with many facets (decidedly in the sphere of social policy) of the modern GOP.For what it's worth, I agree with Prof David Nutt, the adviser sacked after criticising the Government's decision to categorise cannabis as a Class B Drug.Individuals with the autoimmune disease systemic lupus erythematosus (lupus) can experience a number of medical complications, such as lupus nephritis, an inflammatory kidney disorder.UPDATE II:  Here is the three-part segment I taped yesterday with Bill Moyers:Yet another musicians showing how CwF+RtB works.It's not their fault that top management couldn't make more money from them.I wanted to be like Leo and Cameron and the ex-Mrs. Larry David and all those stars who live in houses covered with solar panels and bathe in self-sustaining irrigation systems, and who think cooking oil is something you put in your car's fuel tank.Seaman Ware, who grew up in cramped apartment in a tough neighborhood in the Bronx, had never been on a boat before Thursday.Some choice quotes:The group includes a young mother riding a boat for the first time in her life, a veteran of the Navy remembering her love of the sea, and a man trying to escape a troubled neighborhood to provide for his siblings.As for Android 2.0 itself, the new OS is less obvious in its changes than we expected from the run-up to the release, and much of the functionality seems to have been borrowed or previewed by the work HTC and Motorola have done on distinguishing their own Android handsets.Giving my fans something new to talk about every two weeks meant exactly that: they talk about me every two weeks.In exchange for your dignity, you get a free burrito.Ultimately, it was the leadership of the party itself that elected to turn their backs on her, with the chairman of the Republican Party, Michael Steele, saying yesterday that a victory by third-party insurgent candidate Doug Hoffman was just like a Republican victory to him.If I were running a law school, I'd be looking for ways to collaborate in all of that, because it's smack in the middle of our "core competencies"; and if I were running a law firm, I'd be really interested in hearing what the law schools have to say, and to think about ways in which the law schools could help them get where they want to get, for the same reason.This Is It, the new Michael Jackson documentary, is a no-surprise sensation.But the company did conduct an internal investigation, before Mr. Moffat agreed to leave, according to a person who was told of the review.Committees in both houses of Congress defeated thirty different amendments barring such funding.Did Levi approach VF?With the advent of Android, people began to wonder if Google would build a killer piece of hardware that would finally give the iPhone a true challenge.Here's how it works:"It seemed to be a Jap reconnaissance patrol. . . one group stopped and ate chow on the road bank opposite us; we were scared stiff they would come over and find us. It was hard for the wounded to lie quiet. Our tank driver had a rivet stuck in his throat - every time he took a drink, the water would come leaking out. . . ."The booster used for the Ares I-X launch is being modified by adding new forward structures and a fifth segment simulator.Now he faced his most important task yet: use his last sputtering, wheezing boats to ferret precious human cargo across enemy-infested waters to the southern island of Mindanao, where MacArthur and his contingent could then be safely flown to Melbourne.The concert tour would start in London, but the long-term master plan was to take it to other cities in Europe and Asia as well.And she goes even greener by waking up at 5 a.m. to cook overflowing deliveries of local produce.A third-party candidate there attracting a fair amount of support - 14 percent for independent Chris Daggett in the Monmouth University/Gannett New Jersey Poll -- could have an impact on the outcome.Media becomes a platform with a funnel of traffic and conversions to alternative revenue streams.The iMac is equipped with a new SD card slot under the DVD drive, and back panel ports provide Gigabit Ethernet, Mini DisplayPort, Firewire 800, four USB 2.0 ports, and hybrid analog/optical digital audio input and output ports.Google tonight moved to quashed rumors that it would make its own smartphone.Mr. Simon could not be reached for comment Friday night.Paul Saffo, an American futurologist, recently told the Telegraph that the ultra-rich may slowly evolve into a separate species thanks to medical advances.Senator Richard Lugar, the ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, is the guest on C-Span's "Newsmakers."Among the thirteen new taxes found in the bill by Americans for Tax Reform is the "medicine cabinet tax," which bars people from paying for non-prescription medicine with tax-deferred health savings accounts.The good news?Also, the segment I taped yesterday with Bill Moyers should be available on the PBS site later today -- here.This is where evolution is unfolding as direct consumer spending spurs media development.Got anything else?The new screens are also LED backlit (unlike the 30" Cinema Display HD), which means they turn on instantly and allow for finer grained control over brightness than conventional cold cathode fluorescent lamp backlighting.And, of course, Ebel seems to certainly recognize the CwF (connect with fans) part that has to go along with this RtB (reason to buy).Overall, the new machines also meet Energy Star 5.0 and EPEAT Gold standards for energy efficiency and environmentally-sound design, manufacturing, and use of recyclable materials.* The amusing thing about the right's claim that Bill Ayers and Jeremiah Wright visited the White House is that officials made it clear on the very first page of the document dump - even before the names! - that the duo weren't who they seemed to be.and lol this was filmed right down the street from me, so enjoy my 'hood.Android struggled somewhat withe the G1 device, but is seemingly about to experience a resurgence with the launch of the Droid smartphone, a device that is garnering brilliant reviews, even from the most Apple-centric authors.Executives there are receptive to new ideas and move forward quickly, leaving me somewhat optimistic.She looks HOrrendous!The stack will be positioned on top of the segments already in place on the mobile launcher platform in High Bay 3, completing assembly of the 327-foot-tall rocket.While consumers have been enjoying the service since its launch in 2007, recent statements by a News Corp exec have people wondering: can Hulu make the ad-supported model work?He doesn't say.President Obama is responsible for the need for a special election in the Upstate New York district, having tapped the former congressman in the district, Rep. John McHugh, R-NY, as his new Army Secretary.The 3% discount is reflected as "Instant Discount(s)" during checkout at ClubMac, after the items have been placed in your shopping cart.If you are a media exec and you look at your product and at the end of the day it's a digital file that can be copied, then you have a serious problem with your format.Sounds intrepid.And, of course, he uses social media to connect as much as possible:The possibilities are numerous - career choices, children, freedom.With pigeons, he developed the ideas of "operant conditioning" and "shaping behavior.""He was yelling. It was pretty bad."Pakistan's Daily Times crops Clinton's commentsThe omission of multitouch, which has no provision anywhere natively in Android 2.0, is frustrating.The Republican nominee, Assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava, is in third place in many polls, having largely been abandoned by national Republican figures.In Virginia, Democrat Creigh Deeds trailed Republican Bob McDonnell, 44% to 55%, in the latest Washington Post poll through October 25.The company gave her just a few minutes to leave its offices.The SSA subsequently sent CMS a letter stating that the background check showed Studnitz was "unsuitable" to work on the contract.Even though he had already secretly signed a contract to do as many as 50 concerts, and not just the 10 concerts he announced that day, Michael Jackson told the world, "This is the final curtain call. I'll see you in July."Perhaps this will change as the show's new lineup settles into itself.The new iMac is priced $100 less than Apple's standalone big screen however, despite packing in a powerful computer and new LED backlighting.And who knows?For all the criticism Apple draws on the walled garden nature of its business, it has even come around to stripping DRM and allowing users to download mp3 files.So far, it has not gotten that much of a reaction, perhaps because the little kids around here are very polite.5) The winning six-word writer gets to keep all the loot.Apple has made it painless for consumers to spend money and get the media they want where they want it, proving that consumers are happy to pay for media if delivered in ways that make it easy and blissful to consume.Operant conditioning can be used to shape behavior.It never fails to entertain the press, and sometimes it even gives the stock a small bump.This morning, at 8:20 a.m. EST, I'll be on Democracy Now talking about a variety of issues.Apple benchmarks the high end Nehalem Core i7 as being up to 2.4 times faster than the Core 2 Duo.The music industry, as the one that has suffered most of the carnage, is ripest for change.We gave him extra candy and Meade took off the mask and acted especially friendly.You can see all the documents here.If hardcore hackers had any doubts whether the real-time web was a legitimate development environment, Y Combinator co-founder Paul Graham is dispelling them.Middleton said she had no idea how she contracted polio, which was at epidemic levels at the time, but never felt pity for herself.Keep your readers aware and if possible, keep directing them to Doug's website to contribute.Or maybe it just means that, if Yahoo can't find new ways to monetize the web, it can instead rent out office space to someone who can."She just loved life. Whatever was given to her she lived it day by day."Five super stacks make up the rocket's upper stage that is integrated with the four-segment solid rocket booster first stage.Five New England states land $226M for smart meters: At least 832,000 smart meters will be installed across New England as a part of smart grid projects receiving funding from the U.S. Department of Energy's Smart Grid Investment Grant funding.Illegal aliens will be covered, since there is no language that would enforce any prohibition against them.She drew attention to her gender and ethnicity rather than her substance.The Constellation program is under pressure as a recent committee report depicted it as overly expensive.We'd add Timothy Ryan of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, but there are multiple entries with that name.All the video from the L.A. rehearsals and the London concerts was to be fashioned into a blockbuster theatrical release which promised to bring in countless millions more.Over the years Jackson got mileage out of the public (and music industry executives) underestimating his business acumen.The internet is stripping them of their control over the how their products are distributed.And fun fact: the school they filmed this is in is the school your cutie Anton Yelchin attendedAs they had already done in everything but name, the House campaign wing of the Republican Party (the NRCC) has endorsed Hoffman.Certainly, it would seem to help Hoffman if Scozzafava decided to endorse him - but only 15 percent of Scozzafava's voters had a favorable view of Hoffman, so they aren't going to come over easily, if at all.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi promises to ram it through quickly, exhibiting a disdain for her countrymen that makes Marie Antoinette look like a populist.Each one grows exponentially; creates dependent constituencies that lobby for yet more tax dollars; and empowers bureaucrats for whom mission failure ensures more staff, more money, and more power.I live in Rochester NY and took the five hour drive up to Saranac Lake last Tuesday to see how I could help the Hoffman campaign.Who will die?Every conservative woman knows how abortion defines most modern feminists.It will show up as "Instant Discount(s)" during checkout, only affter you've added the Mac to your shopping cart.The UN is still continuing its electoral support, despite this week's attacks.Blacksn0w will be released to the jailbreaking baseband unlocking masses on November 4th and can be loaded onto your device directly from Blackra1n.Or its ideological rigidity?A study by the Lewin Group estimates that 88 million Americans would lose their private insurance if a government competitor is created.Media scarcity is dead.Senator Joe Liberman, the Connecticut independent who said he'll help Republicans block health care reform legislation and that he'll support their candidates in next year's Congressional races, also appears on that show.So why not "stop Europe being treated a party political football", and just leave the whole issue to me?7 Florida utilities and tech firm to receive $264 million: Energy grants announced Tuesday by President Obama include $264 million for seven Florida utilities and an Orlando technology company, with each grant requiring final negotiations and matching contributions.If we don't pay the penalties, we go to jail.Why wait until Sunday for politics?So, instead, enjoy this explanation of the pigeon experiment and its practical value, courtesy PBS:Even before Google announced Android, there was speculation that it would compete in the lucrative smartphone space, in one form or another.The ground operations team is modifying pad B for the Ares I-X rocket launch.In June of 2000, a new Navy destroyer was christened USS Bulkeley.A complete experience will unfold that will be interactive and convert to new revenue streams.Google has also partnered with the major music labels: EMI, Sony Music, Universal Music Group and Warner Music.Ross was dressed as Supergirl  for the homecoming game against Polytechnic High School that was attended by many other students in costume on the day before Halloween.As usual, we're in the process of devising brilliant last-minute costumes, and we got curious about what others around the globe have been searching for in preparation for Halloween.Some studies conclude that lupus nephritis is of little consequence while others report that the condition can increase the risk of kidney failure and the risk of death in recipients of a kidney transplant.So apparently, this is what "journalists are supposed to do."To see the 3 percent discount and achieve the final prices listed in the table above, you must first add an iMac to your shopping cart after clicking through the links in the table (above).If we've missed anything huge, or you've got a much better suggestion for a particular type of app, let us know, or say so in the comments.I went to see him and he was bare-tail, absolutely naked in that damn bed.According to insiders, the real "This Is It" plan was not a single film, but a three-year rollout to rehabilitate Jackson's deteriorated image.But while fans view it as a posthumous tribute to the King of Pop, what they don't realize is that This Is It was only one part of a grander comeback scheme orchestrated by Jackson himself.Go read the whole thing:In this view, Google considers the Droid its signature Android 2.0 phone and as a consequence has gone to great lengths to boost its success.Now, I'm sure some will complain that this isn't a "real" success because he's not selling out stadiums or something (of course, those are the same people who would say that those selling out stadiums don't count because they can afford to do crazy experiments).But what you do to get the "Beast Mode" medal is the larger part of why Minkoff talked with me earlier this week about designing for trophy support on the PS3.I am not a political kind of person, but I know that helping this campaign is the right thing to do.This week Facebook published a developer roadmap outlining upcoming relevant changes and a rough timeline for each.We started this series by looking at the education sector.The conversation petered out after 1 a.m., leaving them less than three hours of sleep before their second day began.And if you're still scrambling for a costume, we happen to love these hallow-memes, but good luck trying to pull off anything remotely as cool as the the real life iPhone costume.In the future my son will have a flash drive that he will pay $29 for that will have the capacity to hold all movies and music ever released by a major label, studio or tv/cable network.Alongside Speidi, Audrina and the rest of the well-tanned Cali kids, Cavallari reprises the role she stepped into as a teenager on Hills precursor 'Laguna Beach': a flirtatious, manipulative man-eater, all shiny locks and come-hither stares.It was for that story the he was presented with a Hugo Award.Riehl's piece also emphasizes cronyism and national control rather than local Republican and grassroots cooperation in candidate selection.When the wine was decanted, the particular funnel that the sommelier used caught my friend's eye - it was quite an interesting one.And she's "learned what's important in life?"At least, so far.I continue to be of the opinion that conservative opponent Pat Toomey may have a relatively difficult time getting from the 43-45 percent of the electorate that he has now to the 50% + 1 that he'll need to take the contest."It's like riding a bicycle."In many executive employment contracts, it's not uncommon to have a clause that reimburses the executive for the attorney fees incurred in negotiating the contract.The way Naughty Dog built their trophy structure "people should get about a third to a half of them on their first playthrough," Minkoff said.The deadline for applications is November 13, 2009.The reality that I've come to accept is that in today's political arena, you must be able to back up your message with money - and as I've been outspent on both sides, I've been unable to effectively address many of the charges that have been made about my record.First, he notes that one of the nice side effects of his "subscription" offering is that he promises fans two new songs and one live concert recording every month, and that keeps him top of mind:But if you want to convince your users and investors that you're truly focused on the future, you may not want to quote a 20-year-old TV commercial."For instance. Any tank-town garage which overhauls a flivver back in the States always replaces the gaskets with new ones. Only we didn't have any. Or any sealing compound. So those old gaskets had to be carefully removed, handled as gently as though they were precious lace, and laid back in place when the motors were reassembled."The Motorola DROID could be one of the most important smartphones of 2009, so check out our early thoughts on battery life, the QWERTY keyboard, some camera disappointments and more, after the cut.With Democrats poised to lose the governor's race in Virginia, and to possibly lose the governor's race in New Jersey and a special election for a House seat in New York, the White House has started insisting any pending losses will not have any significance.Democrats, in turn, will argue that the GOP has grown too conservative for the party's moderates -- a case that was helped today -- except that the vast rural region of upstate New York is hardly a bellwether district.)But given how many musicians we're hearing about these days making exactly these types of things work to the point where they can make a living doing it, you have to begin to realize that something's working.An I.B.M. spokesman declined to comment.If you haven't seen the latest trailer for The Expendables yet, you can check it out below.I'm not starving, I can still eat sushi from time to time, and my car (neither a Pinto nor a Bentley) is paid off.I'm certainly happy to be a modern woman.Other segments are placed and stacked on the floor around it.While we're on the subject, the 3.7-inch 854 x 480 LCD is incredibly bright and crisp, while the capacitive touchscreen is reasonably responsive.I'd hazard the guess that there are plenty more women in America (and, for that matter, in the GOP) that see the world as DeDe Scozzafava does, rather than as Michele Bachmann does.His dynamic forcefulness and daring in offensive action, his brilliantly planned and skillfully executed attacks, supplemented by a unique resourcefulness and ingenuity, characterize him as an outstanding leader of men and a gallant and intrepid seaman."Look at Goldberg she's so jealous," joked O'Reilly, before Whoopi shot back: "What would I be jealous of Bill, I've been a movie star for 25 years, baby."Senior citizens will bear the brunt of "savings" that are supposed to partially pay for the bill, with $500 billion in Medicare cuts.It is the only way to for media companies to weather the coming tsunami of increased bandwidth and the ever open web.Of course, she also happened to be a woman.And why isn't he?It takes over 90,000 square feet of land (that's two whole acres) to feed a medium-sized dog and 16,000 square feet of land to feed a cat.Turns out Obama's net favorable rating among Scozzafava loyalists is +33, with the split almost a perfect mirror image of The One's favorables among Hoffman's supporters:But then again, Microsoft claims to be only a software firm, right?It's a turnaround from the first Siena poll on the race in September, which had Scozzafava leading, followed by Owens and Hoffman.My attention, likewise, has been concentrated on those other areas.And look at how bad the decision to choose identity over ideology turns out to be.Bartz has been making hard decisions, cutting deadwood and reassembling a Byzantine management structure into something that works.It's true that they might say they're pissed off at the deficit, but the underlying source of anger is the objective bad conditions.Their skipper was a thirty-year-old U.S. Navy Lieutenant named John Bulkeley, who for months had held his disintegrating squadron together by scrounging like a rat among the islands for gasoline, torpedoes, and other basic supplies.Extrapolating from the morning's Siena poll, that would produce a result of Hoffman 43, Owens 42, Scozzafava 5, with 10 percent of the voters still up for grabs.But I'd rather live in a democracy than a quangocracy - even when, as must occasionally happen by the law of averages, the quangocrats happen to be right.Either that or we need to crank up the scariness.The answer includes an ambitious list of ways, including using your notebook to record prices for future comparison - is the sale in front of you really a sale or just money off an inflated price?No.The Broadway revival of Neil Simon's "Brighton Beach Memoirs" will close on Sunday, and the companion production of Mr. Simon's "Broadway Bound" will not open as planned, because of weak ticket sales, according to an executive involved with the production.But it now looks like the election is shaping up as a serious security challenge.He said he heard five to  seven shots  as he was leaving the stadium after his team's loss to Poly.Previous interns have gone on to work at such places as The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, ABC News, and Reason itself.The letters brought tears to my eyes.You would think that John Ford would have jumped at the chance to make a movie about Bulkeley, but it took several years of cajoling to get him to agree to direct Expendable.Social Search taps into a user's social network profiles and displays relevant links and status updates that members of a user's own social network have shared at the bottom of the default search results page.The vacancy was created when President Barack Obama named former Republican Rep. John McHugh secretary of the Army.Currently Brizzly is in private beta, but ReadWriteWeb has scored 2000 invites for our readers to test it out! (see the post for the code).Good music is barely enough to get fans to hand out 99¢ anymore; they have to be emotionally invested in the artist if that artist wants their loyalty.It is one of four reusable motor segments and nozzle exit cone shipped by the Ares I first-stage prime contractor Alliant Techsystems Inc. for final processing and integration in the facility.Republican state Assemblywoman Dierdre Scozzafava has suspended her campaign for upstate New York's 23rd Congressional seat, leaving Democratic nominee Bill Owens and Conservative Party nominee Doug Hoffman in the race that will conclude Tuesday, Fox News has confirmed.So if I were a politician, I'd focus on providing real improvements in peoples' lives, rather than seeking deficit reductions the public won't even hear about.An Admiral in John Ford's 1945 film version of the story explains the brutal rationale for allowing so many Americans to be defeated and captured:But in her comments, Clinton actually called on Pakistan to raise more revenue of its own, rather than relying on U.S. aid, and said that U.S. taxpayers and Congress say, "[W]e want to help those who help themselves."Every big GOP booster helps, sure, but more than anything he needs endorsements from big-name centrist Republicans to send the message that party trumps all in a two-man race with a Democrat (a highly ironic argument for DH to be making, needless to day).Was there a lag between an offer and the acceptance of the offer?A map showing the percentages of for all the states is at the Gallup site.Bulkeley remembered later that he "was very bitter about the thing. We went over there with 111 men and only 9 men came back alive. . . the war plan was totally, utterly hopeless. . . But we had to put up a fight."Earlier in the week, President Obama announced the largest-ever investment in the nation's electric grid - more than $3.4 billion in grants distributed among 100 grantees.Then came the juicy little sound bite, which echoed for days.They were gettin' scared.Were it to produce its own hardware, Google would not only risk alienating HTC, Motorola and other Android partners but also Apple, whose iPhone depends heavily on Google services like Maps and YouTube.3. Will the threat of a lawsuit do anything to the Palin camp?The Mac version requires Mac OS X 10.4 or higher, and you can get it from the beta download page.21NASA's Ares 1-X rocket rolls out to launch pad 39-B at the Kennedy Space Center October 20, 2009 in Cape Canaveral, Florida.Although this race is probably closer to a toss-up than advantage Castle, it still seems to feature the cleanest path for an opposition party takeover than any of the alternatives.Both during my time interacting with senior management at Time Warner (where I worked at AOL after it acquired the company I founded, Relegence) and with some of my current portfolio companies that are working with the film and music industries, it is clear to me that many of the smart people running these media companies understand which way the wind is blowing."It just made sense," said Petty Officer Sean Linvill, a reservist from Auburn, Ind., supervising the reserves aboard the ship who said that the extra swagger has made the New Yorkers easy to pick out.Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele says the committee is endorsing the conservative in New York's 23rd Congressional District race after Republican Assemblywoman Dierdre Scozzafava suspended her campaign and released her supporters."This is it! really! This is it!" he said to the gathered media and fans at London's O2 arena as he announced his 10-concert comeback tour.Replete with text-to-speech features, the maps are layered with traffic data and a satellite view.Until Google Navigation for Maps hits the iPhone, this'll be the cheapest, least-risky turn-by-turn option out there.Now, first thing I'll point out is that I'm still not sure the numbers fully add up.American women have all these things, yet there is a notable lack of women, both Democrat and Republican, in national political office.For the 60 reservists, who will return home after the 10-day port visit to New York, it's a chance to finally use the training they've learned in weekend sessions, to gingerly test the waters, as one might say, of ship life in the Navy.It also has an IR receiver for use with an Apple Remote (not bundled; the new aluminum remote is a $19 option), a built-in iSight camera and microphone, Bluetooth and 802.11a/b/g/n wireless networking.Just be a registered Flickr user, go here, and click "Join Group?" up on the top right, and start hitting "send to group" on your individual photos you want to add to the pool.The Facebook integration went live this weekand more social media applications will be added as the product evolves.The story is the ultimate tale in Ancestral Shadows, a new anthology of Russell's stories, with introduction by Vigen Guroian.I am and have always been a proud Republican.The Republican Party can do better."We track tons of stuff - where people die, how many weapons are used, what's the most used weapon in a particular area, what's the longest playthrough for a checkpoint," Minkoff said.Now, by no means is Rubio unelectable -- I think, in fact, he'd be a mild favorite against likely Democratic nominee Kendick Meek.At The Simple Dollar finance blog, a reader wrote to ask how having a pocket notebook at all times might save them money.She also sprouts like a Chanel-clad stalk from robust (possibly mutant, if we may) rows of Swiss chard and kale on Greenpoint's own Rooftop Farms.But here's the best part.Powerful energy Vermont plan for 'smart' meters getting $69M: A Vermont plan to install electricity smart meters and other technologies to improve energy efficiency and reduce energy costs will receive nearly $70 million in stimulus money.What are Hulu's Mysterious Plans?When it comes to holidays, Halloween is one of our favorites.You've also seen the early photos of a tattooed and totally ripped Stallone and heard that Bruce Willis and Arnold Schwarzenegger would drop by for cameo appearances, pretty much cementing the film as a one-stop shopping site for '80s blow-'em-up blockbuster lovers.He says, "I sometimes wonder if the very rich can live, on average, 20 years longer than the poor. That's 20 more years of earning and saving. Think about wealth and power and the advantages that you pass on to your children."Meanwhile, news agency Reuters described him as a "potential compromise candidate after winning praise from EU diplomats for Sweden's presidency of the EU."The company posted a brief personnel-change message this morning on its internal Web site.This is not about healthcare.Are you looking forward to the movie?"It's very disconcerting. I'm sick to my stomach when something like that happens and you have an innocent kid involved," Morales said.I'm not that kind of person, no matter how much she pisses me off.The company claimed it had uncovered some problems that would be "detrimental" to her performing her job successfully.Evan Tracey, of TNSMI-CMAG, said according to his analysis, Corzine is well on track to spend more than $20 million by Tuesday when voters head to the polls.A: These previously published entries have been updated with new information in the last 24 hours.Even though the Netflix and Microsoft boardrooms are chummy, logic has finally prevailed.Matthew doesn't give a total amount earned, but in a comment says:The hardware consists of a precisely machined, full-scale simulator crew module and launch abort system to form the tip of NASA's Ares I-X rocket.He adds that Google isn't particularly experienced at hardware design and that its influence on the T-Mobile G1's hardware design is more a negative than a positive.In this edition of the Weekly Wrapup - our newsletter summarizing the top stories of the week - we analyze how Google CEO Eric Schmidt thinks the Web will evolve, review Hulu's latest plans to make money, investigate use cases for Google Wave, ask why VCs aren't investing in Augmented Reality, review the latest Mobile Web statistics, and more.The opening statement [from Ford] was, "See that closet?"There's audio, and some fairly interesting insight from Johnston on the Palin family and his Vanity Fair article, which was "retaliation."It feels more refined than the first version of Android on T-Mobile's G1 and it's certainly better than the muddled interface on Motorola's Cliq.New York's 23rd may not say that much about the national condition of the parties.That also covered much of the same ground as Sinegal's, but it took 18 pages to get everything in there.Turns out, though, that Bush went out of his way to advertise his private meetings with the families of the fallen, inviting a Washington Times reporter into the Oval Office to talk about his role as "comforter in chief":28NASA's new Ares 1-X test vehicle goes through first stage/upper stage simulator seperation about two minutes after launch Kennedy Space Center's launch pad 39-B in Florida on October 28, 2009.DeDe Scozzafava has dropped out of the NY-23 race."There were big arguments over here about how to handle that," Minkoff said.And to Singer's credit, nowhere in the piece does she point this out.I wish I could say the same for the more senior people in the Pentagon.The pair discuss the challenges Mr. Obama faces as he pursues his legislative agenda, and whether he has lived up to his "change" mantra.He had hoped the revival would be a "victory lap" for the 82-year-old Mr. Simon, whose last major hit on Broadway was "Lost in Yonkers" in the early 1990s."In the morning when the doctor came to do the round I said, 'Can I get out of this thing, please?' And he said, 'I think we better keep you in there a little bit longer, dear.'"Multiply anything by the scale of the United States and the numbers start to sound absurdly big.As for Bulkeley himself, he continued serving in the Navy in various capacities for the rest of his life, eventually rising to the rank of Vice Admiral.David Plouffe, Mr. Obama's campaign manager last year, has a similar discussion on NBC with Mr. Gregory.These two facts grate on feminists."To move this country forward, I need the support and partnership of good governors who are ready to help lay the foundations of change,'' Obama wrote to Democrats in Virginia.Enjoy.After reading many of your articles and Sarah Palin's facebook page, I knew it was time to get off the couch!The opportunity to run as the Republican and Independence Party candidate to represent the 23rd District has been and remains one of the greatest honors of my life.4.) Are washing machines the new water savers?At this moment, the Democratic Party, the Working Families Party, ACORN, Big Labor and pro-abortion groups are flooding the district with troops and they are flooding the airwaves with a million dollars worth of negative ads.Reporting from Kabul, the Washington Post's Pamela Constable notes that Afghanistan's election commission rejected advice from UN officials and announced plans to open more than 6,300 polling stations for the upcoming vote.They do not need a woman at all costs.Madison, his wife and his lawyer Martin Stolar say the search violates the Constitution's protections against general searches and prosecution for political speech.Throughout the course of my campaign for Congress, I have made the people of the 23rd District and the issues that affect them the focal point of my campaign.You're less than half of that.It's like watching a movie with the added choreographed component of live dancers and singers performing around the image.When it did occur, lupus nephritis led to a 4-fold increased relative risk of kidney transplant failure; however, the overall risk for the loss of the new organ attributed to lupus developing in the transplanted kidneys was only 7%.Another of Mr. Obama's close advisers, Valerie Jarrett, sits down with George Stephanopoulos on ABC's "This Week."Engadget assumes no responsibility for injury or death."There was a tester we had who came in and was constantly describing Drake as going into 'beast mode,'" said Minkoff, a designer on Uncharted 2.At the time of the filing, I.B.M. officials said they knew nothing about it.Try the free demo before dropping the two dollars though, since with its retro graphics and soundtrack, dead-simple gameplay concept and fast face, this one can be polarizing.CLINTON: I appreciate too the idea of a sustainable, long-term partnership, and to highlight the opportunities that exist and to use the tools that are already at our disposal, tools like OPIC or the Export-Import Bank or making sure that travel visas get issued.However, this discount coupon expires at midnight (Oct. 31) and is unlikely return until some time next year.