i think it would be really politically insane for people to take that too literally .
i think i 'll live-blog halloween .
you can , of course read the full review of the motorola droid on our reviews website .
erick erickson is correct .
[ ed. oh , we 'll definitely know that soon enough. intimately. ]
here 's what voters thought they knew :
[ rss aac ] add the engadget podcast feed ( in enhanced aac ) to your rss aggregator .
the siena research institute poll shows democrat bill owens and doug hoffman are neck-and-neck , with scozzafava far behind .
in any case , what do you think ?
there are times of inconvenience and any abuse will be fought and overcome .
that was a bit of a digression , but salient .
if the candidate is black and male and fills this bill ( michael williams ) great .
only this time elisabeth hasselbeck was wearing an enormous cereal box .
women are more than their reproductive organs .
the device is quite awesome .
the special election is tuesday .
whereas cavallari was introduced as the anti-heroine off the bat , a role already occupied to perfection by heidi montag .
update ii : here is the three-part segment i taped yesterday with bill moyers :
yet another musicians showing how cwf + rtb works .
it 's not their fault that top management could n't make more money from them .
some choice quotes :
in exchange for your dignity , you get a free burrito .
this is it , the new michael jackson documentary , is a no-surprise sensation .
committees in both houses of congress defeated thirty different amendments barring such funding .
did levi approach vf ?
here 's how it works :
and she goes even greener by waking up at 5 a.m. to cook overflowing deliveries of local produce .
media becomes a platform with a funnel of traffic and conversions to alternative revenue streams .
google tonight moved to quashed rumors that it would make its own smartphone .
mr. simon could not be reached for comment friday night .
the good news ?
this is where evolution is unfolding as direct consumer spending spurs media development .
got anything else ?
and lol this was filmed right down the street from me , so enjoy my ' hood.
executives there are receptive to new ideas and move forward quickly , leaving me somewhat optimistic .
she looks horrendous !
he does n't say .
sounds intrepid .
and , of course , he uses social media to connect as much as possible :
the possibilities are numerous - career choices , children , freedom .
with pigeons , he developed the ideas of " operant conditioning " and " shaping behavior . "
" he was yelling. it was pretty bad . "
pakistan 's daily times crops clinton 's comments
the omission of multitouch , which has no provision anywhere natively in android 2.0 , is frustrating .
the company gave her just a few minutes to leave its offices .
perhaps this will change as the show 's new lineup settles into itself .
and who knows ?
5 ) the winning six-word writer gets to keep all the loot .
operant conditioning can be used to shape behavior .
it never fails to entertain the press , and sometimes it even gives the stock a small bump .
apple benchmarks the high end nehalem core i7 as being up to 2.4 times faster than the core 2 duo .
the music industry , as the one that has suffered most of the carnage , is ripest for change .
we gave him extra candy and meade took off the mask and acted especially friendly .
you can see all the documents here .
keep your readers aware and if possible , keep directing them to doug 's website to contribute .
" she just loved life. whatever was given to her she lived it day by day . "
illegal aliens will be covered , since there is no language that would enforce any prohibition against them .
she drew attention to her gender and ethnicity rather than her substance .
the constellation program is under pressure as a recent committee report depicted it as overly expensive .
over the years jackson got mileage out of the public ( and music industry executives ) underestimating his business acumen .
the internet is stripping them of their control over the how their products are distributed .
and fun fact : the school they filmed this is in is the school your cutie anton yelchin attended
who will die ?
every conservative woman knows how abortion defines most modern feminists .
the un is still continuing its electoral support , despite this week 's attacks .
or its ideological rigidity ?
media scarcity is dead .
if we do n't pay the penalties , we go to jail .
why wait until sunday for politics ?
so , instead , enjoy this explanation of the pigeon experiment and its practical value , courtesy pbs :
the ground operations team is modifying pad b for the ares i-x rocket launch .
in june of 2000 , a new navy destroyer was christened uss bulkeley .
a complete experience will unfold that will be interactive and convert to new revenue streams .
so apparently , this is what " journalists are supposed to do . "
i went to see him and he was bare-tail , absolutely naked in that damn bed .
go read the whole thing :
this week facebook published a developer roadmap outlining upcoming relevant changes and a rough timeline for each .
we started this series by looking at the education sector .
it was for that story the he was presented with a hugo award .
riehl 's piece also emphasizes cronyism and national control rather than local republican and grassroots cooperation in candidate selection .
and she 's " learned what 's important in life ? "
at least , so far .
" it 's like riding a bicycle . "
the deadline for applications is november 13 , 2009 .
an i.b.m. spokesman declined to comment .
if you have n't seen the latest trailer for the expendables yet , you can check it out below .
i 'm certainly happy to be a modern woman .
other segments are placed and stacked on the floor around it .
of course , she also happened to be a woman .
and why is n't he ?
but then again , microsoft claims to be only a software firm , right ?
my attention , likewise , has been concentrated on those other areas .
and look at how bad the decision to choose identity over ideology turns out to be .
bartz has been making hard decisions , cutting deadwood and reassembling a byzantine management structure into something that works .
either that or we need to crank up the scariness .
no .
but it now looks like the election is shaping up as a serious security challenge .
the letters brought tears to my eyes .
the vacancy was created when president barack obama named former republican rep. john mchugh secretary of the army .
was there a lag between an offer and the acceptance of the offer ?
a map showing the percentages of for all the states is at the gallup site .
then came the juicy little sound bite , which echoed for days .
they were gettin' scared .
3. will the threat of a lawsuit do anything to the palin camp ?
replete with text-to-speech features , the maps are layered with traffic data and a satellite view .
until google navigation for maps hits the iphone , this 'll be the cheapest , least-risky turn-by-turn option out there .
now , first thing i 'll point out is that i 'm still not sure the numbers fully add up .
the facebook integration went live this weekand more social media applications will be added as the product evolves .
i am and have always been a proud republican .
the republican party can do better .
but here 's the best part .
what are hulu 's mysterious plans ?
when it comes to holidays , halloween is one of our favorites .
this is not about healthcare .
are you looking forward to the movie ?
i 'm not that kind of person , no matter how much she pisses me off .
the company claimed it had uncovered some problems that would be " detrimental " to her performing her job successfully .
a : these previously published entries have been updated with new information in the last 24 hours .
even though the netflix and microsoft boardrooms are chummy , logic has finally prevailed .
matthew does n't give a total amount earned , but in a comment says :
the opening statement [ from ford ] was , " see that closet ? "
new york 's 23rd may not say that much about the national condition of the parties .
dede scozzafava has dropped out of the ny-23 race .
" there were big arguments over here about how to handle that , " minkoff said .
and to singer 's credit , nowhere in the piece does she point this out .
i wish i could say the same for the more senior people in the pentagon .
multiply anything by the scale of the united states and the numbers start to sound absurdly big .
david plouffe , mr. obama 's campaign manager last year , has a similar discussion on nbc with mr. gregory .
these two facts grate on feminists .
enjoy .
4. ) are washing machines the new water savers ?
they do not need a woman at all costs .
you 're less than half of that .
it 's like watching a movie with the added choreographed component of live dancers and singers performing around the image .
engadget assumes no responsibility for injury or death .
at the time of the filing , i.b.m. officials said they knew nothing about it .
1 ) check out this random object we found at a thrift store ( via the link below ) .
we bagged ours .
he said he joined the reserve so he could support them financially .
although , given pigeons' tendency to carry disease , i 'd recommend training a cat , spouse or younger sibling .
and , more recently , you 've been with us as we shared the movie 's rowdy , red-meat trailers .
people 's hunger for good content will not subside .
here are the top and bottom ten with the percentage of those polled who believe their wallets would be returned :
reeldirector : this is as close as you 're going to get to imovie on your iphone .
if the candidate is white and female ( liz cheney ) great .
model karlie kloss poses in a farm-glorifying spread in california ( among relatively measly crops , if we may ) .
paul graham : priority access to twitter is practical necessity
[ zune ] subscribe to the podcast directly in the zune marketplace
in the meantime , let us know what you think .
and , interesting enough , up pops tom reynolds to comment , again .
the democrats are going for broke , which means we 'll all be broke if this is not stopped .
teaching is damned hard - ask anyone who does it well .
how does the media industry survive such a coming disruption ?
guess the bad economy even hit hoobastank .
then there 's john g. stumpf of wells fargo , who each arrived just once .
there are many such examples emerging in the app store ( i am t-pain , taptap and many more ) .
years from now this may qualify as a pop-culture nostalgia moment :
everyone is looking to hulu as the future of internet tv .
a few companies have decided to buck the trend by not offering any employment contracts .
they are far , far away and kept in check by a compliant leftist media .
check it out .
through lala and ilike , google will also be able to feature music from a large number of independent labels .
yet look at what just happened .
he could , theoretically , be doing much , much worse .
development for trophy support necessarily comes toward the end of a project , minkoff said .
plus , if you still need inspiration for your pumpkin carvings , try your hand at these social media options .
other partners include gracenote , imeem , pandora and rhapsody .
the reaction from feminist women when told to quit whining ?
who will join ?
hello , echofon .
update : here 's scozzafava making the announcement -
that 's why it 's important to compare solar 's land requirements with other american practices .
the sony ps3 -- a popular choice for eye-candy junkies with its blu-ray playback -- is a perfect fit .
that would be his matthewebel.net site , where he offers a $5/month subscription offering .
they 're selling , too .
he said , " you see that ? i 'm a captain . "
overseas markets are growing fast , and yahoo needs to grab a piece of them early .
surely that ca n't include hard-paartying and shacking up with brandon davis ?
he even developed teaching machines so students could learn bit by bit , uncovering answers for an immediate " reward. "
feel like spending a little time on the bleeding edge ?
" open it up . "
there was also time to annoy various view hosts on specific issues .
the law and the constitution do not allow this .
could be , but how conservative are those votes ?
matt yglesias makes a good point :
we 've got the video all queued up for you after the bounce .
" they get scared , they do n't know what to expect . "
3 ) we choose a winning 6-word story .
1. is levi johnston screwing with all of us ?
layar : there 's the obvious reason to be excited about this :
yahoo still has a lot of creative , skilled people responsible for properties to which many users remain loyal .
fox news' colby aggressively pushes " so-called death panels " smear
read
get them all day every day by clicking here for twitter alerts of each ticket item .
what , exactly , is it that " journalists are supposed to "
the transfer of the pad from the space shuttle program to the constellation program took place may 31 .
update : the democracy now segment i did this morning , covering a wide range of issues , is here :
the democrats have chosen symbolism over substance .
" we escaped the killing fields , " said che , 36 .
google wave is a much hyped new internet-based communications and collaboration platform .
i do n't want to ( say it was retaliation ) ...i mean , i guess .
it 's different .
zynga 's mark pincus : i got kicked out of some of the best companies in america -
the third race which has a national audience on tuesday , in new jersey , is more difficult to predict .
this howl is the future evolution of the media industry .
let us know in comments about anything else that jumps out .
this is about stealing one-sixth of the u.s. private sector and putting it under the control of federal government .
workers did agree to time off reductions , and pledged that new employees will have to pay into their pensions .
to those who support me - and to those who choose not to - i offer my sincerest thanks .
the conservative woman answers that abortion infringes a helpless victim 's civil rights .
the missing part of the puzzle is what made media conglomerates such juggernauts in the past .
the findings indicate that having lupus should not keep individuals from seeking a kidney transplant if they need one .
but the bigger , more immediate issue for yahoo is that it 's running out of time .
my colleague charles mahtesian has the story :
and as you would expect , this new crop of super-powered phones are making heavy use of the mobile web .
here 's what sly had to say :
the 3% discount coupon is automatically embedded in the links above .
and you can see madoff 's testimony here .
perhaps that 's because lauren conrad offers something very essential to her shows .
but keeping it simple is a lot easier to say than do when it comes to securities exchange commission filings .
this time , it may stick .
the letter said studnitz had passed a pre-screening check and could work on the ssa contract pending a final determination .
on the vanity fair piece : " i stand by it and i 'm cool with everything i said .
2ares i first stage motor unveiled on july 20 , 2009 .
these exploits provided the basis for w. l. white 's 1942 bestseller they were expendable .
the ssa letter did n't say what the background check had uncovered .
it was all meant as a marketing mantra .
that 's a wrap for another week !
want to see something scary this halloween ?
in the final analysis , the republican party could not control itself .
google announces turn-by-turn gps navigation , for free -
predictably , he said " it was one of those wild coincidences . "
mr. azenberg declined to comment on friday night .
6 ) fun , right ?
so the dots are pretty easy to connect , no ?
he was the pilot shot down in bosnia in 1995 .
but so far , without lauren conrad , ' the hills' is barely even ' the knolls . '
" it 's probably going to be about 5 minutes of screen time . "
and on the custody issues levi 's having now : it 's startin' to get bad again .
it should be noted that many cultures do not enjoy this equitable dynamic .
the authors report no financial disclosures .
speaking to supporters , scozzafava broke down in tears .
the contributions are so necessary and so much appreciated..
the ncic database is a repository for criminal records and information on fugitives , stolen property and missing persons .
may that ship bring as much honor to the name bulkeley as bulkeley brought to his country .
regular delivery of quality material is damn near my one-step panacea for the whole industry .
here 's the full interview :
we watch it on tv and in movies .
myspace and facebook are officially talking .
( pointy teeth and body glitter - done ! )
squareball : if pong grew into a platformer , or breakout into a sidescroller .
sources told me jackson very much wanted his children to see him in that milieu .
pumpkins from simon willcox on vimeo .
are you excited to see these three share the screen together ?
he then passed it on without quoting -- or even identifying -- a single one of these experts .
this makes the top 17 races as follows :
when he was on his game , that is .
maybe jules is maturing :
promoters could add in other sure-draw entertainers to sing duets with the late king of pop .
after all , average investors are n't likely to sit down and read an 18-page contract .
it was a spectacular feat of derring-do .
the four water tanks in the center are 39 , 000 gallons each .
will we hear about the latent sexism of the republican party ?
i know i 'm gonna end up ( going to court ) .
what fools our fathers were if this be true .
a new feature of the 27 " imac is its ability to act as a display for another displayport computer .
brizzly shares much of the same philosophy as blogger .
it is not known if the shooting was gang-related .
the bad news ?
he 's a 19 year-old father , though : so what , exactly , is ?
turns out it 's also great for saving money .
" we have fallen and we really want to get back up . "
at least not without some pretty big consequences .
i still know more than what 's out there .
that was the huge thing that made me do this .
i fear for their future with this current administration .
on the downside , we 've found a few moments where the droid seems to bog down .
( other estimates have found smaller solar land needs. )
then it got bad again and i said screw it , vanity fair article .
he wrote down ( at least some of ) what they said .
* q : wha ?
studnitz told the paper this actually involved a suit against her late father 's estate .
he did n't even bother getting out of bed , he just reared up and whammo !
some could n't muster even that , struggling with the gentle but insidious side-to-side roll of the ship .
fox nation : " hillary : ' we tax everything that moves.'
facebook announces roadmap for developers
why do we know this ?
i planned on staying a day maybe two but ended up staying till friday at 11 : 30 am .
surely you jest .
blame jon gosselin .
it 's three dollars , even if you had the previous version , but totally worth it .
or he 's an underdog genius who 's playing the media and the entire palin narrative to his liking .
well , the job is demanding as hell and requires extended periods of separation , for one .
as a dog-friendly company , we share the country-wide impulse to dress up our dogs for the holiday .
we have looked at calendaring many times ( such as in our round-up of 10 players ) .
( republican n.y. assemblywoman dierdre scozzafava and conservative congressional candidate doug hoffman debated in syracuse earlier this year .
war is war .
update : at long , long last , huckabee finally makes his move .
scozzafava 's decision to suspend her campaign could put hoffman over the top .
led backlighting is also environmentally friendly because it uses no toxic mercury .
talk about enduring through all eternity .
a poorly received lc-less third season sent the laguna high kids packing .
tell us how the scozzafava episode demonstrates that the gop is hostile to women not named palin or bachmann .
so , i really do n't want to say anything else .
skinner believed other complicated tasks could be broken down in this way and taught .
that 's what the other 364 days of the year are for !
on announcement day in march , in england , it was all the usual showbiz smoke and mirrors .
there 's that dumb line from a movie : the truth just sounds different .
scozzafava 's statement is after the jump .
hey , gop elites : can you hear conservatives now ?
it was , i believe , the first time a major artist premiered a music video on twitter .
okay , so , questions :
vice versa ?
early users reported mixed feelings .
again : the truth just sounds different .
leftist feminists feel that conservative women disparage the very things feminists work for while enjoying the benefits of that work .
since losing her job , she has not been able to find a new position anywhere .
the video pretty much speaks for itself .
free .
i get to be his sidekick for two days .
stacy mccain has the scoop : just confirmed that republican candidate dede scozzafava has quit the race .
the first is delaware , where republican representative mike castle has entered , probably to face off against beau biden .
the boo-rito offer is only valid today .
ibm , as a matter of policy , does not comment publicly on personnel decisions below the chief executive level .
so , who will join the illustrious ranks of gizmodo 's essential iphone apps ?
in the interview , he discusses the importance of really connecting with those fans .
sound off below .
as newsbusters reported friday , conservative talk radio host will be appearing on " fox news sunday "
do n't let the door hit you on the way out !
remember when nike ( nyse : nke ) did it the other way around ?
will the nrcc shift gears and start buying ads supporting hoffman in the final three days of this race ?
that is , her ascension was attributed to her gender rather than her achievement .
thinking of dressing up your little ones ?
no arrests have been made .
" there 's a long , long trail a-winding " is perhaps russell 's most outstanding ghostly tale .
tell us in the comments .
and more polling stations may mean more opportunities for fraud .
see more web trends coverage in our trends category
that should have settled the matter .
taxpayers will be forced to pay for abortions .
a passerby in a green toyota truck yelled out : " police need to do their job ! "
of course , the visits are as much about lobbying as they are about personal calls .
see more startups coverage in our readwritestart channel
already these distinctions are merely fossilized conventions that stem from consumers' discovery habits .
currently , brizzly offers a user-friendly browser-based interface for twitter and facebook .
an interesting way to gauge this would be to figure out the timeline on the vanity fair piece ?
enter dede scozzafava .
jacob minkoff , of the studio naughty dog , explained its origin with a laugh .
so " man up " so to speak .
just like that brand new michael jackson movie came out , ' this is it.' this is it for freedom .
in most places , hell , even in new york , that makes her a democrat .
erick erickson says of this turn of events :
let 's hope it 's true .
sell access and experiences , not media files .
she seems to have all the credentials the republican party is looking for : female reproductive organs .
our channel readwritestart , sponsored by microsoft bizspark , is dedicated to profiling startups and entrepreneurs .
it creates a live-action , full-body 3-d image on stage , alone or alongside live performers .
so first comes a " bing goes the internet " video featuring elementary school children .
and this is exactly why parasite will never be an official member of the big slut club .
it 's not only green , it 's a great way to burn calories !
renal week 2009 will take place october 27 - november 1 at the san diego convention center in san diego .
doug finally got to sashay around in public in a pair of pink heels .
contact the podcast
we used insights for search to track the fastest-rising searches related to [ costume ] in the u.s. in 2009 .
" yup. "
cheer up , sony ( nyse : sne ) fans .
download the podcast
this is a pretty big deal .
if , by contrast , the labor market is still a disaster then people will be pissed off .
or does the company have other plans ?
yet , it 's exploding with new features , and still really fast .
it supports video output up to 2560x1600 , capable of driving a 30 " cinema display hd .
at the time jackson made the heavily publicized announcement , he did n't believe what he was saying .
but , perhaps i was off in the wrong direction ?
granted , turning around a $7 billion-a-year company takes time .
added : i swapped in a slightly different pic .
and viewers seem to agree .
in our own work , we have started working with both tungle and doodle .
it involved three 150-feet diameter parachutes lowering a 41 , 500-pound test weight to the desert floor .
president obama promised " transparency " and that any bill would be written in public .
canada uses the database to refuse border entry to anyone with a criminal record .
studnitz has disputed the claims .
what do you think ?
rino season opens .
the republican party will win on conservative ideas , not on skin color or gender .
yahoo needs to stop talking about being amazing again , and simply amaze .
the governor was reportedly " smiling " as he said it , though , sadly , not winking .
backlighting is even , though , and we prefer the keys to those on the t-mobile g1 .
google launches music search : partners with myspace , lala , gracenote and others
the newcomers in the group have peppered her with questions .
she supports abortion , big government , acorn , and unions .
does he still count as a centrist ?
( sorry , jermaine , you 're not on the list. )
the humane society estimates americans own about 75 million dogs and 88 million cats .
so , how to rectify this sad situation ?
better yet , let 's decide issues of this sort by referendum .
jenn brown is making it known that she is an up-and-comer in the hottie sports reporter pantheon .
the executive spoke on condition of anonymity because the person was not authorized by all investors to provide the information .
2 ) marty peretz apologizes to matt yglesias .
for all of this , bulkeley was promoted to lieutenant commander and received the medal of honor .
all boosted by the frictionless billing that apple has created in the app store .
or follow us latimestot
the firm will continue its " reed smith university , " which already offers 140 in-house courses .
the parachute system will be used to recover the first stage of ares i .
for more of the daily beast , become a fan on facebook and follow us on twitter .
it was only a year ago that the motorola razr scored as the number one phone in america .
it has arrived from a company that is delivering the goods .
compensation will be tied to those competencies by 2011 as well .
it is the first and currently the only mac to support this new capability .
also , for the ticket 's latest coverage of these shows' recent ratings moves , click here .
continue reading
indeed in my discussions it is apparent that the smart money in hollywood already sees the writing on the wall .
it was another lie .
the section that covers kari 's relocation benefits alone is about the same size as sinegal 's entire contract .
watch it :
well , tough cookies , mister .
that 's according to madoff 's testimony to sec investigators .
one promoter says the singer told him he had 100 ready-to-go unreleased songs .
subscribe to weekly wrapup
but for those firms which rise to the occasion , there will be vast rewards .
liberty and tyranny .
" so the one million dollar deal automatically became a 10 million dollar deal , " jones explained to me .
the fans who would follow you to the end of the world and purchase whatever you came out with .
those fees can run $25 , 000 or more .
2 ) create a story about in in 6 words .
but her song and dance is starting to wear thin .
rep. michelle bachman released a statement on dede 's resignation .
it makes it difficult to get elected .
to those who support me , and to those who choose not to , i offer my sincerest thanks .
if the candidate is hispanic and male and fills this bill ( marco rubio ) great .
and , of course , it supports replay value .
democrats this week also received a personal letter from the president .
maybe bartz 's comments are intended as a distraction from something big yahoo has planned .
in the house , they continued to scribble .
we hope you have a happy googleween !
these candidates can be of any stripe .
now with a source !
the app store is where the action is .
calendaring , scheduling meetings : timebridge ceo interview reveals strategic importance of this space
see maureen dowd .
[ thanks , js and rom for the image ]
our flickr pool is the place where consumerist readers go and upload photos for possible use in future consumerist posts .
women , especially conservative women , are chewed up by the media .
who wants to watch full-length features on their computer monitors ?
a reader also helpfully tells us that kenneth d. lewis of bank of america apparently visited twice .
it was also used to recover the first stage of ares i-x following its test flight .
whereistand.com crowdsources its opinion database -
she evidently has not endorsed conservative party nominee doug hoffman .
reason is now accepting applications for the winter/spring 2010 burton c. gray memorial internship .
( which is n't very close , to be honest ! )
here 's our rundown of the week 's tech and business news .
brizzly adds facebook - aims to be the blogger.com of social media
camerabag , for being two whole dollars more than photoshop. ( sorry ! )
his idea centers on a high-tech holographic technique he 's been testing for use with other musical groups .
it 's the most polished twitter app yet , oozing slickness with every swipe .
sinegal 's contract is one page ; sen 's contract is eight .
the indictment of mr. moffat has clearly been an embarrassment for i.b.m.
they also assess whether the president has followed through on any of his campaign promises .
i replied , " oh , i know . "
below is a table of imac prices from leading apple resellers that was extracted from appleinsider 's macpriceguide .
the reason for this email is to ask you to keep this story alive for mr. hoffman .
yet both documents cover the same basic things : title , salary , benefits , term of employment .
i.b.m. is getting a little more distance from the galleon insider-trading case that broke earlier this month .
luckily , jay and alicia did n't have any stages crashers this time around .
there is simply no governing restraint such as a profit motive or anxious stockholders .
as we noted two weeks ago , that vote was shaping up as logistical train wreck :
" their first concerns are about obama the man , " brooks informs us about his invisible friends .
uk guardian reporter ed pilkington went to anchorage to interview the 19 year-old babydaddy of tripp palin , levi johnston .
a recent article in the new york times touted reinfeldt 's name in its list of top contenders .
help us , olympia snowe , you 're our only hope !
it 's about time for netflix to warm up to sony .
but singer actually knows a thing or two about being green going into it .
but it was all a ruse .
i know i am not the only one .
4 ) " we find no clear relation between income inequality and class-based voting . "
enjoy !
what counts as an essential iphone app changes all the time , and so should our guide :
local listings and live video feed is here .
" for the past few days i have tried to do what journalists are supposed to do . "
that announcement surprised international monitors , who recommended that the government open only 5 , 800 voting centers .
and now let 's look at some of the other stories that shaped our week .
the republican party has decided that the party needs more women .
a few buck the trend
so i did n't really think that there was another way .
sorry , but that 's the only way to get flickr and consumerist to play with each other .
that 's a big gesture showing yahoo is confident of future success .
but he was already taken by the camaraderie .
the droid runs android 2.0 ( aka éclair ) as its os .
this is not unlike the " wise latina " comment by sonia sotomayor .
what it does n't have , despite flickr 's initial success , is any momentum in social media .
the conservative women i know , though , do n't define being a modern woman by abortion .
these are all the kind of nuts-and-bolts issues that we can address and try to resolve together .
we 've never heard of it before either !
6 : 13 : so far , we 've had a mummy , a cowboy , a ladybug....
boo ya .
relationships between the republican establishment in washington and the conservative movement are in rubble .
another fun experiment you can try at home !
conservative women fight bigotry from all sides .
modifications also include installing access platforms and a vehicle stabilization system .
scozzafava voters dislike the democrat , giving him a favorable rating of just 19/50 .
it is a story of heroism , but a particularly grim one .
let the democrats tie themselves up with their identity politics .
these were the ultra-committed fans .
when we were leaving the restaurant i quickly scribbled a few notes about the style of the funnel .
about two weeks later , the social security administration sent a letter to cms backing her claim of innocence .
life is good .
probably not .
the american people do not need more symbolism .
you can read more about the 3.6 changes from a web development perspective here .
thank you , sarah palin .
this animus causes conservative women all sorts of grief with other women .
as a woman whose equal rights are relatively recent , it 's hypocritical to take them away from another being .
we did the math and found that feeding those animals takes about 294 thousand square miles of land .
it 's free !
tweetie , for you have been replaced ; cannibalized by your own child .
engineering firm abb sees profits rise as expected ( 29 oct 09 )
it 's simple to use and aims to make microblogging easy to understand and use by a mainstream audience .
it 's gonna be the biggest snatch of freedom and liberty that has yet occurred in this country .
emergency workers called to the scene were quoted as saying they believed he was already dead when they arrived .
if they 're pro-life , they lose a lot of women voters .
happy halloween .
how 'd the casting coup come about ?
we 'll try to cover as much as we can .
we get this is it , the movie , whittled down from the 120 hours of only rehearsal footage .
tech heavies are n't just buying .
huffpo readers are nothing if not the types who will willingly outsmart themselves .
create things and share them with their friends .
in a nutshell , 10ks , 10qs , and proxy statements are usually anything but simple .
using apparel as a springboard to athletic footwear ?
if you believe in liberty , and if you 're rejecting tyranny , this is it .
madoff replied that he had already provided it to a top agency official .
all the support he gets will help guarantee our country a much needed victory .
on election day my name will appear on the ballot , but victory is unlikely .
netflix wants to stream through as many devices as possible .
listen to the audio .
" so there are possibilities here and we ought to work with that . "
you do have somewhere between 170 and 180 million people .
the amount of land required to generate electricity for the nation does sound like an awful lot , sometimes .
the show 's producers are soliciting questions .
watch what they do , not what they say .
happy surfing !
studnitz is now considering a lawsuit .
receiving a kidney transplant before or after starting dialysis did not affect one 's risk .
stop whining , feminists , it plays to stereotypes .
one bright spot for democrats in this tough atmosphere has been infighting among conservatives and republicans in that house race .
she 's the grounded protagonist , ambitious and relatively normal .
the main lesson to learn is that the market will punish you if you do n't deliver the goods .
brizzly wants to be to microblogging what blogger.com was to blogging five years ago .
have we really lost confidence in our ability to govern ourselves through the ballot box ?
subscribe to the podcast
this bitch is puckering like squinty with a lemon in her mouth .
it launched streaming through microsoft ' s ( nasdaq : msft ) xbox live a year ago .
not just for some fancy drm but for real value creation .
3. ) chamber of commerce chief battles obama .
he visited three times .
that was a lie .
it will continue to grow , but so shall the unbearable ease of pirating it .
online streaming through netflix ( nasdaq : nflx ) is now coming to the ps3 .
i said [ sarcastically ] " yes. what are you captain of ? "
i hope we get some kids !
so when did employment contracts for top executives get so extensive ?
the election will be held tuesday .
we can now place google squarely in the software box .
help doug hoffman for congress now .
is foley a step up from nick zano 's josh ?
the voters ?
it has hundreds of millions of users , and partnerships with many heavily trafficked sites .
we did .
the donations were just beyond anyone 's imagination .
i fly everywhere and take taxis without thinking about it .
the republican party should help this process along by supporting and promoting deserving candidates with solid accomplishments and sound ideology .
again , thank you for the work you do and please continue to spread the word for the hoffman campaign .
find any more in the white house list ?
not too much i hope !
rather than simply keep her off the contract , cms decided to fire studnitz .
the truth is that the truth about budgets plays almost no role in real politics .
you can just zip around with the droid and google maps .
hear that ?
not sure that golden oldie will have the magic it once did .
suffice it to say that i 'm renting a house in wellesley , ma with a couple of room mates...
you can find past updates here .
good for dede .
or education policy ?
the route i chose to pick was just because they would n't let me see my kid .
can dodd and shelby make a deal ?
" it 's his responsibility , " he said .
now the world gets a very different michael jackson legacy .
more : 73wire on the campaign trail has scozzafava 's farewell message :
you can subscribe to the weekly wrapup by rss or by email ( form below ) .
but instead of reinstating her in her job , cms told her to re-apply for her position .
if they 're pro-abortion , they lose social conservatives .
the new program will expand that training with courses and other opportunities tailored to the nine core competencies .
i thought about that and the answer is really that apple is what media companies are missing .
" that bold buckaroo with the cold green eyes. " - general douglas macarthur , describing his savior john bulkeley -
applications that let consumers interact with the media .
she then issued this dire warning ( infused with pop culture references )
until next week , i remain , rick munarriz
but just the audio track ?
for similar offers on the remainder of apple 's mac product line , please see our full-fledged mac price guide .
this is a hopeful turn of events .
google announced that it was working on this social search feature at the web 2.0 summit last week .
for a great example of how change is happening see what britney did today at britneyspears .
that move raises huge questions about plans to provide security for the additional polling stations .
greg jaffe , speaking to andrew exum , says " this whole conventional vs. irregular debate is stupid . "
finally : the spoiler exits the race .
hybrid media packaging with both files and an application layer in the cloud is core to a lucrative future .
she is author of the book , be careful who you love - inside the michael jackson case .
the notion of app is changing .
employers would jump ship , opting to pay a fine rather than provide insurance .
the american people realize this is it .
mr. lugar cautioned that it is unrealistic to expect a " pure " leader .
warning : this podcast has been known to kill people .
in other words , it 's pretty close to a perfect game .
think of your product like a pie chart of the value you are giving the consumer .
my name is paul brock .
here 's a list of finance figures who showed up .
drudge : " hillary : ' we tax everything that moves and does n't move.'
poly beat wilson in the friday night matchup , 34-15 .
nor should they have to .
scozzafava suspends campaign !
you do n't have to pay $10 a month as subscription or buy a pricey $100 tomtom app .
and it worked .
it 's slutoween which means wonky hits the streets dressed like a slutty version of something or another .
which is why i was interested in uncharted 2 as an example of developing for trophy support .
who will live ?
do n't conservative women feel oppressed ?
if anything i 'd go further .
these are people " who follow the war for a living . "
trust me -- employment contracts with ceos do n't come any simpler .
* after all these years , bush is still a millstone around blair 's neck .
my guess was that 1 , 000 was n't really enough .
motivating the in-game medal system is the virtual money one earns , which can be redeemed for in-game unlockables .
copenhagen may be a bust , and it 's all the u.s. and e.u.'s fault -
do n't conservative women see how reproductive control puts a woman in the driver seat ?
et tu , newt ?
thank you , tea party activists , club for growth , and redstate .
the droid 's 5-megapixel camera has up to 4x digital zoom .
[ itunes ] subscribe to the podcast directly in itunes ( enhanced aac ) .
the siena poll showed owens at 36% , hoffman at 35% and scozzafava at 20% .
contrary to previous studies , lupus patients who receive kidney transplants rarely develop lupus nephritis
it is where new ideas evolve , thrive and go instinctively based on market power .
she has already incorporated local food into her diet , bikes occasionally , and champions sustainable fashion .
if drugs policy , why not also tax policy ?
why ?
but i 've become a fan of its filings , which are easily accessible from the comfort of my home .
d-lister avril lavigne appears on the cover of z-list magazine savvy this month .
hear the podcast
better not to remind everyone that purple is also the color of bruises .
the bill is a true halloween horror , with scary stuff throughout .
does netflix offer the hottest releases digitally ?
the company finally sent her a letter last week saying it had no intention of restoring her job .
the harder it races to catch up , the further it seems to fall back .
asn also informs policymakers about issues of importance to kidney doctors and their patients .
it is increasingly clear that pressure is mounting on many of my supporters to shift their support .
that could provide some welcome gotv support come tuesday .
that 's actually higher than they rate hoffman .
first , the most popular stories venturebeat published in the last seven days :
the elderly people who are so very afraid for their grandchildren and great grandchildren .
so the rnc today endorsed the conservative party 's candidate , doug hoffman .
will she pay a price for this ?
one is sad and one is kinda funny/effective .
i know , because i 've had to read plenty of them .
we 're curious , how many of you iphone fanatics rely on a baseband unlock to have a functional iphone ?
it was a match made in heaven .
electronic applications can be sent to intern reason.com , with the subject line : gray internship application .
14in the vehicle assembly building 's high bay 4 , assembly of the ares i-x rocket nears completion .
by adopting the " this is it ! " battlecry , jackson 's promoters assured a fan frenzy .
googlers are also pulling out all the stops for the costume contest :
their identities were not released .
i realise that , as a libertarian , i might well lose .
makes one shrug and think , this is it ?
read on for details and screenshots of the new faces of facebook apps .
conservative media push distorted comments to suggest clinton celebrated taxing " everything that moves "
plus it runs freaking android 2.0 as its os .
the poll has a 3.7% margin of error .
well , man , it does .
why then are vcs not investing more in augmented reality ?
see previous winners of the friday consumerist flickr pool finds here .
i ca n't imagine he is n't .
the story and the list have been updated .
new york city 's official anthem from 2009 is now officially stamped with a music video .
but the nomination of rubio would certainly put florida back on the map as a potentially competitive race .
google search gets personal : social search launches in google labs
enter blacksn0w .
they 'll also look at the math of pending health care reform legislation .
and it will be penalties for violating regulations .
the test was conducted on may 20 , 2009 .
it does n't exactly end with " solsbury hill , " but close .
i opened it up and there was a captain 's uniform with four stripes .
they 're making it kind of a pain in the ass again ( to see trip ) .
the siena college poll has owens picking up 36 percent of the vote , while hoffman has 35 percent .
but that is what governments do : they grab votes .
enjoy your weekend everyone .
they 'd never seen daddy in his full-superstar persona , performing live in front of huge stadiums full of fans .
and that 's what this debate is about next week .
the internet disrupts this ability to create media scarcity .
at least one bullet struck her in the side , che said .
since this is vogue , she can pretty easily be like one of those people !
his citation reads :
they also do n't believe that they deserve special treatment as a woman .
in preparing this post , erick asked me , " is apple is a media company ? "
record great gift ideas .
sometime last spring , i decided to do something about this .
a massive part of the profit from the concerts would have come from the high-definition video taken at each performance .
the new imacs now come standard with a bluetooth wireless keyboard and multitouch magic mouse .
time will tell .
who knows .
and then there were his children .
but she still feels guilty .
during a 2006 examination , an sec staffer asked bernie madoff for information .
* and here 's today 's very amusing installment in the alan grayson chronicles .
mobile ad firm admob has revealed the dramatic changes the mobile industry has seen in their latest mobile metrics report .
and -- more importantly -- they 'll help bring more fans into the fold .
she lives in new york with her husband , broadcast journalist , michael schoen .
2. what the hell is n't he talking about ?
each of the three associate levels will be tied to an " academy. "
as of 11 : 13am eastern , no comment from scozzafava endorser newt gingrich .
best of all , it 's free .
a woman , any woman , will do .
it conjures up many false hopes , dashed dreams and misfires .
or european policy ?
she goes greener by purchasing brooklyn-made soaps wrapped in vintage magazines ( oh , the joys of recyclables ! ) .
you can pick it up quickly , but it gets progressively harder over time without ever getting frustrating .
they were quite popular for a while , but fell out of favor .
any self-respecting whore knows that halloween is amateur hour .
next saturday in for conservative movie lovers : a look at they were expendable 's luminous cinematography and graceful direction .
the book itself is still a fine read , filled with hard-nosed , first-person reportage and telling anecdotes .
" broadway bound " had started rehearsals and was to open in several weeks .
like , perhaps , a browser that does n't coddle you with all that silly stability and reliable performance ?
the point is n't that these are your only fans , but the most committed .
no government program results in savings .
then , we actually scared a little boy .
xerox develops a silver ink for wearable or throwaway electronics -
that 's why the number of conservative elected women is abysmal .
3 ) " great beer and great wine are on the same team . "
and then , the piece de resistance of the feminist movement , abortion , comes to the fore .
as darin says - " rino season opens with a bang "
wapo : demint celebrates fox news' role trumpeting gop message
it supports vga , dvi/hdmi and displayport screens via its standard mini displayport connector .
" i miss being at sea , " she said .
when the service was originally launched , it came with little fanfare .
why are n't vcs backing augmented reality ?
" but we want him to keep saying bad things about us . "
the virus responsible for polio has been eliminated around the world except for afghanistan , india , nigeria and pakistan .
activists dump tonnes of coal in vattenfall protest ( 28 oct 09 )
associates wo n't be able to move to the next tier until they have met those requirements .
i order takeout that generates tin-foil mountains and avalanches of styrofoam containers .
it 's entirely possible .
this new service is powered by lala and myspace 's ilike .
another reason : i 'll call it sarah palin syndrome .
this week google announced the launch of google music .
7 : 16 : we 've been honing our act , and we finally got 4 little girls to laugh .
if these first days were any indication she thinks that she might sign up for active duty .
fox news reported :
gateway pundit : clinton [ a ] dmits " " that the democrats tax everything that moves . "
is he a believable delaying tactic until the inevitable jules/grayson hook-up ?
they know i know a lot .
by now , " wall street has come to washington " has become something of a hoary trope .
disingenuous or not , the idea that solar takes up too much land is widespread .
halloween is the only time authentic sluts cover their parts up .
they are throwing mud ; they are trying to stop me .
information is fed to the database from local , state. and federal law-enforcement agencies around the country .
mr. moffat , through his lawyer , has denied any wrongdoing .
eschol amelia " amy " studnitz had been working for corporate mailing services since august 2008 as a senior accountant .
at this point , pick one : the odds are about the same .
promoter allocco says the singer told him he had 100 ready-to-go unreleased songs .
google insists android 3rd-party only
ms. scozzafava has support from 20 percent of those polled .
this monstrosity was hatched behind closed doors .
ross was " an innocent kid " said mario morales , the wilson high football coach .
the most burning question , of course , is who came and how often did they do so ?
now that 's getting to the heart of the matter !
she has fallen behind on her mortgage payments and recently received a shut-off notice from her local utility company .
4 ) the story , along with the object , will then be auctioned on ebay .
how blessed am i ?
i 've sifted through user submissions , app updates and new arrivals to find our newest inductees :
reinfeldt urges eu unity on climate change aid ( 29 oct 09 )
that 's a little bigger than texas !
the watertown daily times reports :
that 's his whole column .
this is it , the new michael jackson documentary , is a sensation .
it 's not like we did n't hear about it in 2008 , guys .
that 's a clear signal that this is not about health care .
an energized michael jackson web site component would help sell all the in-demand merch .
dump dede has more .
here are three reasons why we think investment in this sector has been slow so far .
they first approached the bronx center , which encompasses the new york city region .
nasa : pure , welcome information overload for space geeks , in an app .
scozzafava has 20 percent , with nine percent of voters undecided .
the company behind its sweat-shaking athletic wear is expanding successfully in footwear .
we read and read about a lot of bullshit .
foot stomping , personal and often - ironically enough - sexualized attacks , and more whining .
the republican establishment grossly misunderstood and underestimated the mood of the conservative base .
and it works , pretty well !
the federal government far too often overreaches - and this looks like it 's one of those times .
and , for all its faults , no one has come up with a better system than democracy .
and in fact , it seems that cronyism and money trump gender and racial identity , even still .
halloween is generally speaking a children 's holiday .
treasury secretary timothy geithner sits down with david gregory on nbc 's " meet the press . "
if the candidate is white and male ( doug hoffman ) great .
however , the studio has no way of knowing if its expectations are borne out by the statistics .
( mr. parsons , by the way , did n't show up on the list at all. )
also on facebook here .
namely , distribution .
what use cases are being discovered ?
let 's go straight to some quotes from the interview :
social search went live in google labs this week .
he was a master of pr machinations .
i think there 's a lot of truth to that .
not to overemphasize the obvious , but google has now made it pretty clear .
and does yahoo really want poor mrs. fletcher as its new mascot ?
positions 18-38 are unchanged from last month .
while the trend will take longer , it is clear which direction the wind is blowing .
5. ) harry potter sports an environmental audit .
see more web products coverage in our products category
sony computer entertainment caps the number of trophies and points a game can award .
chipotle is doing their yearly " wrap your head in tinfoil and get a free burrito " promotion .
the video , sadly , winks out right as the expert is being brought in to explain skinner 's research .
is this it ?
once in position , assembly of the ares i-x rocket will be complete .
1. ) the european union strikes a climate financing deal .
the error was compounded when the nurse did n't check nikiyah 's name before sticking her in the shoulder . "
tired of all the droid talk ?
" why not give the guys the ship 's named after the opportunity to be a part of it ? "
a perfect example of this in action : i was having dinner with a friend some months ago .
a few days ago we got motorola 's droid in the mail .
just as important is how difficult the trophies are to earn .
that kind of cutting-edge idea seems like it would be exactly what michael jackson would embrace .
and then a more sophisticated and amusing twilight/new moon-inspired , vampire related commercial for bing :
this is not about insuring the uninsured .
what i found when i arrived was a lot of very gracious , extremely busy people .
and we waste far too much energy trying to categorize it .
" but amid fears that the dutch government would then collapse - reinfeldt could be the dark horse . "
host chris wallace traveled to palm beach , florida to record the interview with limbaugh today .
and neither did anyone else who was in the know .
the lines between these different forms of media are quickly blurring and soon will be completely artificial .
and what could a lawsuit mean for them ?
dr. mark levin wrote a seminal book that really swept this country called liberty and tyranny .
at this writing , rnc chairman michael steele and newt gingrich have endorsed doug hoffman in ny-23 .
silver breaks it down :
i do n't want to leak anything huge on her .
she asked me to wish you a happy halloween !
and , as always , today i will do what i believe serves their interests best .
but visitor logs released by the white house on friday show it is indeed true .
heartwarming !
it made no mention of the previous letter that claimed she was unsuitable .
shame .
