despite his infirmities , chaudhry is not leaving the country without a fight .
ms hands is moving out of the frontline to a new combined downing street and foreign office role on afghanistan .
trenberth said there 's little doubt in his mind that a warming climate is making storms more hazardous .
not that he is bothered .
the elderly , by contrast , have not suffered as badly .
" that 's what we 're stressing right now , " pierce said .
last sunday it was well down on its 2009 peak , with just 852 , 000 .
tate 's hail mary haul was his second sensational score .
twice they were struck by bono waves , which upended their boat and swallowed their belongings .
concerns have been raised about a possible repetition of the ballot-box stuffing and distorted tallies in the second round .
it came off like a generational anthem :
" it is important to have an honest and open debate about drugs , " vaz said .
she 's an old-school tv kid drawn with new-school ambiguities .
it follows the program 's poor returns this year .
olson said the state department is taking a new look at the case .
environment commissioner ebgebike says funding is critical and appeals for international help to deal with the situation .
corben is part of the eastern suburbs social set and works in the finance sector .
forest children , they say , must grow up fast .
he had already hired people to compile archival research on cars and to take oral histories from important automotive figures .
adipic acid is primarily used in the production of nylon 6-6 and for manufacturing polyurethane foam and polyester resins .
the seven aspirants for m.j. khan 's seat reflect that diversity .
" i felt she did the best in talking about the issues , " said aguirre .
ministers say they want a better deal for the consumer with an invigorated mortgage market and more competition .
the governor insisted last summer he wanted the ban because party bosses should n't be slating candidates .
a large debris field has been located , and debris has been collected , he said .
what ensued was 2 1/2 hours of beatings and raping , at times with a foreign object .
a gain would be the fifth in the past six months .
but most of those relatives had died peacefully , perhaps in their sleep or in a loving embrace .
in 1939 , he received a doctorate in aviation and mathematics .
li xiaofeng was appointed chief procurator of the military procuratorate under the people 's liberation army to replace gao laifu .
cbs news chief political consultant marc ambinder said republicans will derive two lessons from the results of this race :
his response has been to edge into more public discussions , while remaining on the cautious course .
iraq 's topiary gardens , he said , are just beginning .
his comments came in an address to foreign journalists in tokyo .
in addition , about 100 , 000 people annually apply to see their own files .
a search was also continuing saturday for the missing boater , david jines , castillo said .
his body was discovered last tuesday at about 8pm .
kirk " has fit in , seamlessly and superbly , " kerry said .
the other candidates , he said , seemed to pander at times .
but the middle east is a growing market so it would make sense for them to try it .
" they were just stronger. they had more people . "
li spoke during a meeting with anna bligh , the premier of australia 's state of queensland .
" but will it pick back up to above normal activity ? no one can say . "
the new rules were signed friday by the director of the department of general administration .
they were detained for questioning and it was not clear if they were suspected of collusion or negligence .
mr lodin denies allegations that he favoured mr karzai .
atkins said part of the lesson is for investors to be more skeptical .
the retired fulbright jaworski lawyer with a focus on utility and municipal law has raised almost $300 , 000 .
jeff downing , a lawyer from oak forest , wants a third hpd storefront , preferably along antoine .
trained in britain as a bio-chemist , mr hampton worked in a bio-lab before moving into construction .
the other three men served alongside arreola in iraq .
he has authored 80 books mainly commentaries on religious texts - eighth among the lot on upnishads .
the government 's vaccination programme , which began last month , is targeting 11m priority patients and frontline health workers .
" we 've all been to prison , and we know the code of how you 're supposed to behave .
he then worked on nuclear test-ban projects before joining the un in 1998 , said the ctbto .
the third-quarter surge came after the celtics' second unit had dug the hole for the bulls in the second quarter .
bradford said he can focus intently on better policing and save money in the police department .
few could feel the urgency as much as 14-year-old rhonnie schwartz , a richmond high freshman .
the town lies in a zone of central somalia loosely controlled by a clan-based local government .
no race or gender was determined for the others .
the prime minister phoned the journalist , pleading with him to take the job and help labour win the election .
" hopefully , we will get a break at some point , and somebody will do the right thing . "
it took several hours friday to deploy booms around the tanker .
she also started doing more food shopping here since the store increased its selection .
these waters are full of crocodiles and poisonous snakes .
he is expected to sign this month .
" sadly there is less stigma now associated with drug-taking , " mr keen said .
they can be human .
effendi laughed as he recalled having to tell his teacher that he lost his homework in the river .
jines , 50 , was reported missing by a friend and was last seen in a 12-foot motorized skiff .
at the session , lawmakers also ratified a bilateral treaty on civil and commercial judicial assistance with brazil .
what scares him : " i 'm really only scared of heights . "
another senior source suggested that the talks between mr blair and tesco had been going on for five months .
it called for a six-year ban on strikes over wages and benefits .
of the 57 games in which those celtics held a halftime lead , they won 49 of them .
scozzafava had also received an endorsement from the national rifle association .
if they had a team down at the half , that team died a slow death in the second half .
kirk acknowledged that he has been urged by some colleagues to take a higher profile .
only now have the first signs of her fate surfaced , reinvigorating a search her mother never abandoned .
john o'quinn knew the law , a simple fact never in doubt .
of prime concern is that much of mr blair 's earning potential is being realised in the middle east .
cit spokesman curt ritter declined to comment yesterday .
nichols broke meyer 's record for career passing yards earlier this season .
the muddy floodwater receded as rains eased , but was still chest-high in some communities .
sancharaki said abdullah will announce his decision sunday morning .
" he walks around and picks up scrap metal and takes it to junkyards to make a few pennies . "
" i plan to thank god for giving me another day with my legs . "
in a military medical facility , a doctor braced him for the worst .
they have pronounced guilty without ever going through the book , he charged .
burma is still holding hundreds of political prisoners .
for the first time in almost two months , the fighting irish could relax in the fourth quarter .
mr. ramesh fretted that india 's growth would be stunted if the country could not exploit its own natural resources .
" the arrival of mr. shannon was key , " he said .
the search gained momentum earlier this year with the help of newly elected u.s. rep. pete olson .
" either we are sitting here , or we are on patrol. there is nothing else . "
clinton praised israel 's efforts and said she expected its proposals for talks would address past criticism :
the choice was not an easy one for robert mcclain .
the story was that it was just a " weird coincidence . "
he said they had done so by censoring anyone who questioned them .
his platform contains plans to fund drainage projects .
district f , in southwest houston , may be the most diverse district .
but those warnings did n't keep everyone away .
one is said to have already resigned .
it is not known whether they flew in one of ashcroft 's two jets .
police were checking missing-person reports back to june 2005 , when sowell was released from prison .
" i do more rowing. but sometimes the work is hard , especially when the current is strong . "
religious parties are banned , including the muslim brotherhood .
some hope to break a record , but most just want to say they finished all 26.2 miles .
" i do n't know how someone can disappear off the face of the earth . "
charges against him are pending .
in luxembourg , non-resident deposits rose to $500 billion from $101 billion over the same period .
" we will match whatever they do , " she said .
it quickly swept westward out to sea south of the capital and weakened into a tropical storm saturday afternoon .
still , emanuel said , there 's far from a consensus in the field .
a month later his application for permanent residency was approved .
the ministry started an anti-dumping investigation into adipic acid imports last november .
before visiting israel , clinton met with abbas in the gulf emirate of abu dhabi .
he noted , however , that he 's seeing encouraging signs .
his opponents deny the charge .
the 19 were carried out on stretchers and taken by 13 ambulances hospitals .
" cocaine is no longer reserved for millionaires and rock stars . "
for mazen hammad , who works for the ministry of health , his garden was a refuge from the violence .
less than half of the dormant cancers will progress to become invasive but 30% are treated with mastectomies .
one day , villagers crowded around a large net that some fishermen had dragged out of the water .
the few files that have so far been pieced together hold piquant details about life in the gdr .
the group violently seized control of gaza from abbas' forces two years ago , leaving the palestinians with rival governments .
" where we are right now is to try to get into negotiations . "
correspondents say the trio clearly enjoyed each other 's company at their first reunion in many years .
it was instituted in january 2005 .
us president barack obama recently lifted restrictions on cuban-americans visiting relatives on the island .
in switzerland , such deposits rose to $1.45 trillion from $103 billion during the period .
mr. mohammed said he never had trouble getting plants , because he lived near enough to mr. abbas 's nursery .
the one and only issue in what will ultimately be a jury trial is the question of consent . "
" it made everyone return to the negotiating table. it reopened the dialogue . "
" this hurts the work of all of us . "
holding the seat is symbolically important to both parties .
secretly , alfan would like to row more , but he knows his place .
the writers keep the answers to that question in play , which is one of the show 's best qualities .
" there is no zero casualty doctrine , " he said .
but montes also had chalked up numerous enemies in tumultuous land disputes over more than two decades .
" but this is our life here. children must live it the way it is . "
the jury is still out on the senate side .
all circles in queensland support development of the australia-china friendly and cooperative relationship , bligh said .
" this is a political issue that 's going to be resolved politically . "
in 1947 , 36-year-old qian was already a professor at the massachusetts institute .
newsom has never been one to ask people for money .
" we did n't change , " he said .
" i have to prepare you for this , " the doctor told him .
ministers are now debating the budget for the 12 months beginning in april 2010 .
a board of inquiry blamed the crash on several factors and ordered removal of the strobe lights .
the issue of settlements has become the biggest sticking point in getting israelis and palestinians back to the negotiating table .
the eu president and high representative will not be appointed until the lisbon treaty has been ratified .
likely purchasers are expected to come from the us , australia or the middle east .
yet , you do n't have to have a medical check up to sign up .
" then tell us that our view is wrong. then we will apologize - no problem . "
he did not know the status of the airspace at the time .
in neighboring abatete residents , including efobi okeke , are not giving up on their homes and community .
seven more runners have died this fall in full or half marathons .
" but i ca n't promise how long it will last . "
she bristles slightly when asked how she keeps up such an apparently thankless task every day .
india 's rapid economic growth has made it an emerging global power but also deepened stark inequalities in society .
and mr blair would not be lonely on the tesco payroll .
" i gave the same message today when i met with president abbas . "
the river is what he knows .
" he 's been just extraordinarily well received by colleagues . "
then anti-vibration crossbeams are installed .
a canadian study showed marathoners' blood post-race was like that of a mild heart attack victim .
quinn indicated he would sign this version .
he said : ' tim was rather introverted. he changed his life many times . '
before friday 's killings , he had already lost a son and a brother to violence .
the raging battle of words however leaves him unfazed .
two autopsies were done friday .
local people are caught in the middle .
six coast guard cutters and three helicopters hunted for any survivors of the midair collision .
the swiss-based international olympic committee also rejects yuan 's allegations .
at least seven people were killed and several were missing .
lozano is a fugitive from state and federal charges related to bianca 's disappearance .
peoria is about 13 miles northwest of phoenix .
david blunkett downgrades cannabis to class c on the recommendation of the independent advisory council on the misuse of drugs .
last year , hubel threw for 623 yards and five touchdowns against eastern washington .
" i thought it was an earthquake , " he said .
some cases are much worse .
around 25 lakh people live in areas where maoists are now having a free run .
" our kids come to this beach. it 's our home . "
the trip is quicker on water .
this in a district in which democrats have an 18-point advantage over republicans in registered voters .
though he has tough shoes to fill , dodd said , kirk is up to the challenge .
but castillo said the search was ongoing .
for all the sensitivity training going on , this is still a rough city - and there is rough justice .
the bridge 's closure has meant record-breaking numbers of riders on bart and clogged freeways that lead to alternate bridges .
the model assumes investors could recover 40 cents on the dollar in a bankruptcy proceeding .
" we have to find a solution to the crisis and that 's the whole objective , " he said .
officers initially identified three bodies at sowell 's home , stacho said .
with water temperatures in the 60s , farris estimated that survivability could be up to 20 hours .
" no modern state can accept attacks on state institutions , even when the state is wrong . "
efforts are under way to open peace negotiations , but as yet remain stalemated .
the uaw , which represents 41 , 000 ford workers , is scheduled to announce a final vote tomorrow .
but it turned into an anti-government protest with tibetans attacking chinese migrants and shops .
the girl was found , semiconscious , beneath a picnic table .
the trio also praised one another during the two-hour reunion .
she mentioned her missing bianca and wondered aloud if she could be hidden in monterrey with grandparents .
" the prices are just good here. you ca n't beat them , " peterson said .
there 's even a 12-year-old boy in florida who put together an online video .
it is the fifth shake-up of the downing street operation since mr brown became prime minister .
job losses peaked at 741 , 000 in january , the biggest one-month plunge since 1949 .
he is chairman of the sharpstown tax increment reinvestment zone and redevelopment authority .
" many are so small. the boats are unstable . "
at the time of his death , he owned properties that included a thoroughbred horse ranch .
" i 'd rather feel that pain than not be able to run , " he said .
the eu last week backed plans to split northern rock in two .
today , at least , there would be no lighting out for the territory .
finally a search of the land around the house turned up yet another grave , containing a sixth body .
it 's a longer , far more interesting story .
this time , the irish had washington state ( 1-7 ) buried by halftime .
the unemployment rate is forecast to rise to 9.9 percent for october .
" but this is the reality resulting from the absurd and shameful blockade , " he added .
officials were collecting evidence and reviewing recordings of transmissions by the aircraft to try to determine how the collision occurred .
last weekend 's gang rape at richmond high school was almost bound to happen .
they installed the nuts , checked the alignment , then removed them again to make further adjustments , ney said .
she studied medical records , he drafting .
the state department has open reports of 954 u.s. citizen children being taken into mexico by a parent .
but the influential southern metropolis daily and several other major chinese newspapers have applauded yuan 's candor .
" they were mostly strangled , it appears , " he said .
little hoses spray the crops with water instead of wastefully soaking them .
many expressed lukewarm preferences overall , calling their choice simply the " lesser evil " of the four .
the latest pmi number was higher than the median estimate of 54.7 in a bloomberg news survey of 10 economists .
a neighbour said they were told more than a dozen people had been trapped underneath the balcony .
tang was employed at private-equity firm friedman fleischer lowe .
he said he 'd be surprised to see him run for a lower state office .
the issue is being blown out of proposition , he told toi .
martin said word was that o'quinn wanted to have at least 1 , 000 cars .
at one point , there were about 45 puzzlers , but those who quit or retired have not been replaced .
" i hope he gets healthy soon , but i could tell he was n't 100-percent , " johnson said .
a number of other displays followed , and the state eventually declared a moratorium that froze several pending permit requests .
hundreds of thousands of votes were discounted from august 's first round of voting .
an ohio assembly plant voted yesterday and another michigan factory votes today .
quinn named her to the post last month , and adams was set to move to johannesburg in january .
in 2002 , sir terry was knighted at the behest of mr blair 's government .
" sometimes he would just go off if he did n't have his way . "
" i 'm just a boy . "
what scares her : " clowns. that , and becoming my mother . "
the cause of the spill is still under investigation , but early evidence pointed to mechanical failure .
mirinae passed south of the sprawling city of 12 million .
" with one phone call they could have brought the whole thing down , " atkins said .
castillo said rescuers are factoring in the military members' physical fitness in the decision to keep searching .
he will face court again on january 7 .
in june 2008 the partners accepted yee 's request to resign .
stacho said sowell makes his living as a " scrapper. "
then after the american invasion of 2003 , business came to a halt .
montes was always aware of the wrath he inspired and the dangers that it brought .
" the search has been continuous since the collision occurred at approximately 7 p.m. thursday . "
even wastewater treatment has proved difficult in yemen .
the previous six games for notre dame ( 6-2 ) were nerve-wrackers decided in the final minutes .
ashcroft has been criticised for refusing to clarify his tax status and explain whether he pays income tax in britain .
consequently , the pilots lost sight of each other before the fatal collision , and became disorientated .
there were indications , however , that the government 's response was being influenced by electoral politics .
he alerted u.s. immigration authorities after learning otherwise years later .
most of them were young and healthy , like 23-year-old peter curtin , who ran the baltimore marathon this month .
he found pierce , who hit a 25-footer that made it 53-35 early in the third .
on saturday , the nato-led force announced the latest coalition death in the war .
" it just breaks your heart , " the sugar land republican said .
" i 'm the quarterback , right , the leader , " he said plaintively to the football coach .
" if we face a similar catastrophe now , who will allow us to move ? "
" no steel structure is completely free of imperfections , " heminger said .
litt served six years on the houston community college board and then became president of southwest houston 2000 .
on the day of the dead holiday this weekend , arreola planned to mourn the way mexicans do .
what scares her : " getting pregnant . "
newsom became the first to announce his candidacy for governor earlier this year , using twitter to break the news .
" he just kept finding me , " pierce said .
" is that what we want in the uk ? "
abdullah canceled a planned trip to the indian capital , delhi , to attend a conference there saturday .
the alamodome blowout debuted notre dame 's plan to play one offsite home game a year .
juan antonio lozano jr. strapped her into a safety seat and drove away .
nutt accused the former home secretary , jacqui smith , of " distorting and devaluing " scientific research .
the oct. 23 sit-down with newsom followed months of internal turmoil and personnel exits within the campaign .
all were being checked for spinal injuries .
he also was permitted to visit with aung san suu kyi .
but money was never the point to o'quinn.
lift .
" we believe the sec was simply negligent in its investigations and examinations of madoff 's business . "
extra !
closed areas include the alameda county shoreline between the bay bridge and the san mateo bridge .
' tony blair does not have any commercial relationship with tesco and has not made any representations on their behalf .
" every year we have to drill deeper and deeper to get water . "
" all the ones that have contacted me are considering their positions , " he said .
mr brown was furious when he refused .
their goal is to topple the system .
shafto has three competitors .
hubbard does n't deny salem offers better business opportunities , particularly around halloween .
chow retired after 30 years working in the houston planning department .
he said : ' i 'd be surprised if the advisory council is operational by christmas . '
the bodies were in an advanced state of decomposition , suggesting they 'd been in the home a long time .
october was the deadliest month of the war for u.s. forces with at least 57 american deaths .
families of the missing said they were grateful rescuers were n't giving up .
casualties have been on the rise since president barack obama sent more troops to confront the taliban .
chaudhry applied for citizenship in 2004 and received his denial in august 2008 .
his critics contended that he was attempting to extend his time in power , a charge he has denied .
" it comes from europe or wherever people travel , and they bring it back , " she said .
it is expected to take three weeks for blood test results to come back .
" you might lose them . "
district g encompasses the west side of houston .
instead , the attackers struck just before dawn .
' but i 'm not as concerned about this as i am about alcohol .
his spokesman took more than 24 hours to reply , despite repeated requests by telephone and email .
the coast guard on saturday identified the nine missing crew members .
the shares have declined 2.9 percent since the end of september after more than tripling this year .
an excerpt of the interview was released saturday night .
hamas' control over gaza is another main stumbling block to peace efforts .
he also said illinois must be aggressive in promoting its businesses and products in emerging markets such as africa .
next to say no was a national newspaper political editor with close personal and political connections to mr brown .
they are paid a standard german bureaucrat 's salary of between $29 , 600 and $37 , 000 a year .
the thousands who apply to see their files would probably agree .
some of the 215 detainees are expected to be released .
o'quinn was not married and had no children , reducing the likelihood of a probate dispute .
" all hands need to be on deck . "
despite brown 's endorsement by three prominent black ministers , holand baker said he was sticking with locke .
the ivy boasts that it is " a sophisticated urban playground " which has " world-class design and service " .
" i still think that would be the right course of action . "
the obama administration imposed u.s. travel restrictions on members of guinea 's military leadership and key supporters earlier this week .
it comes as the financial services authority takes over regulation of the way banks treat their customers .
the sec did not identify yee 's former employer .
a pilot reported seeing a fireball about 7 : 10 p.m. thursday near the crash site .
" the last two was just seeing the ball in the air and making a play . "
in may , in his role as peace envoy , blair met the education minister of the united arab emirates .
she turned to the internet to join the community of those looking for disappeared children .
experience ranked high among those who favored city controller annise parker .
violence erupts almost daily .
a reading above 50 indicates an expansion .
" i think there is a lot for us at washington state to gain from this , " wulff said .
scozzafava 's critics said she 's too moderate , even liberal .
she said she did n't know its source .
in september , the collegium headed by the cji had recommended justice dinakaran for elevation to the sc .
" we knew he was a real intelligent marine , " arreola said of cpl. peter giannopoulos of inverness .
but the costs of maintaining his garden have risen .
to know who they are , you have to experience them , plain and simple .
the ministry said it has initiated an independent judicial probe and an administrative investigation into the matter .
he also said the two sides released a joint declaration and signed a number of cooperation agreements .
an index of export orders climbed to 54.5 from 53.3.
general jones 's office declined to say whether ashcroft was present at hague 's meeting .
" the market will never be the same , " daugherty said of the collecting void left by o'quinn's death .
nearby , sinkholes in the arid soil of his property are growing longer and deeper every year .
scientists believe the virus is more severe in children because they have not been exposed to related outbreaks .
already , the lack of water is fueling tribal conflicts and insurgencies , mr. eryani said .
but money , not campaign dynamics , was at the root of the session .
but no other u.s. state actually requires such information , hamermesh said .
four other uighurs were moved to bermuda in june .
" i learned that 's not true . "
in april , he faces an immigration judge in a deportation hearing .
" this is where we have our relaxation , " he said , speaking english .
two people were discharged this morning , with the remaining 17 in a stable condition .
curtis garmon is a purchasing agent from lakewood heights .
the number of drills has only grown since they were outlawed in 2002 .
hubel had missed the last two games with a knee injury that johnson noted still appeared to affect his productivity .
yuan declined an interview request , saying through his publisher that he preferred to maintain a low profile .
officially , suave mr lewis will remain the prime minister 's main official spokesman .
as part of the deal , ubs admitted it actively helped americans evade u.s. taxes .
he was honorably discharged in may 2006 .
some manufacturers are starting to rehire previously dismissed employees .
four others were missing in floodwaters in other towns , regional police chief perfecto palad said .
he knows that has its place .
there were no such worries against the hapless cougars .
but salem is symbolic too .
the group of about a dozen boys and young men was already well into 2 gallons of vodka .
by contrast , brown spoke of the importance of not withdrawing " support for the economy " .
government advisers are preparing for the mass vaccination of schoolchildren to stop the spread of swine flu .
meanwhile , the fate of the swami hangs in balance till november 10 when the seers reassemble in ayodhya .
but immigration authorities say he misrepresented himself just to further his stay in the united states .
she 's also taken her hunt to the streets .
san antonio might as well have been south bend , ind .
the picture book will be released soon and the writing compilation is due to come out in next spring .
the new disclosures add to the pressure on the mod about the quality of equipment being provided to british servicemen .
" it 's really very difficult to tell , " miller said .
the suspect was taken to the hospital , where he died from a loss of blood , the ministry said .
one scientific adviser , who declined to be named , said council members were preparing a joint statement due tomorrow
red cross workers arrived at the scene to find bullet-riddled bodies on the side of the road .
" the place where the most persecution occurred has become ' the witch city , ' he said .
when they were ahead going into the fourth quarter they were 57-7 .
ctbto staff monitor tremors in countries worldwide to uncover illegal nuclear tests .
readings greater than 50 signal expansion .
the mail on sunday understands tesco were ' deeply disappointed' when they were unable to reach agreement with mr blair .
head to the back of the wal-mart supercenter in raynham and you may be in for a surprise .
generationally , sally draper will grow up to be a baby boomer .
i mean , bad things happen , but this ?
" it creates less disruption to the business because you 're in bankruptcy a shorter period of time . "
" now he 's asking $100 to come two times a month . "
a shorthanded celtics bench ( minus glen davis , brian scalabrine , and tony allen ) manhandled the bulls .
laster ran for state representative in 1998 and for district f in 1999 .
" nobody rational could possibly want a government based on any other type of policy-making . "
a u.s.-backed peace " road map " of 2003 does say israel should halt settlement activity .
indeed only two have had their sex determined , both of them being women .
he now has 18 touchdowns on the season to just two interceptions .
a witness said it appeared the middle part of the balcony had given way .
about a month ago , a woman accused sowell of rape and felonious assault , stacho said friday .
imports fell 16.3 percent to $30.2 billion , resulting in a trade surplus of $3.8 billion .
lights and sirens from three fire trucks and a number of st john ambulances also attracted onlookers from neighbouring streets .
" she seemed a little more straightforward , and i was impressed with her financial background , " pass said .
ticket to ride : former alameda county supervisor mary king has been named interim general manager of ac transit .
however , tony blair and tony blair associates have never done any work on behalf of tesco .
the cases are very different however .
" this was china 's internal affair and judicial sovereignty which allows no other country to interfere with . "
drug arm counsellor richard norman said it was no surprise that cocaine is becoming more accepted in the suburbs .
" i 'm sorry it had to be this terrible . "
" but we will not create the jobs we need unless the economy is growing . "
' we 're not animals'
johnson also accused nutt of going beyond his remit and of " lobbying for a change in government policy " .
" we know they have the ability to survive longer than you might expect . "
he also once owned two chinese restaurants in the district .
" my village town hall built with a huge sum of money has been swallowed , " he said .
they are vying to represent the 16th legislative district , which includes the cities of pasco and walla walla .
he then hinted the team that they should take into account the high-frequency vibration when the engine was running .
these cooling stations are for heat stroke victims , whose temperatures soar to as high as 108 degrees .
a week later , typhoon parma triggered massive landslides in luzon 's mountain region .
" i 'd rather not get into anything , " monica lozano said as she choked up .
officers serving the warrants thursday discovered two badly decomposed bodies on the third floor of the house , stacho said .
" and that 's why it 's unlikely to restart negotiations . "
" it was the only shred of anything that i knew she was alive , " hebert said .
she said she is " hoping and praying " her son and the others will be found alive .
manufacturing , which has helped drive the recovery , probably accelerated last month , economists said .
it proved the same while running for governor :
valueact owns roughly 3.5 million shares of thomsonreuters .
she reported jines missing the next day when she returned to the harbor and could n't find him .
derr has been active in houston heights civic groups and advocates a comprehensive spay and neuter program for stray animals .
idiani , a small community in anambra state , has seen enormous damage to its homes , crops and infrastructure .
his quiet street is lined with neat gardens .
lawmakers considered granting equal representation in people 's congresses to rural and urban people .
as her anger later burned , she used it to take steps to find bianca .
district a , in northwest houston , has drawn seven aspirants for the term-limited toni lawrence 's seat .
it 's going to take some time for us to grow out of this .
austrian police said they believe mr hampton committed suicide .
in washington , the treasury department asked the office of foreign assets control to investigate how al-shabab is financed .
" the gardener used to come every day , " said mr. mohammed , who runs a flour factory .
" they can hopefully get out of the bankruptcy court faster , which may be better for debt recoveries . "
beijing has accused the tibetan spiritual leader of instigating the violence in lhasa , but he has denied those allegations .
in the nineties , tesco executives featured on six government task forces - more than any other company .
" before , it was very cheap , $10 a visit , " he said .
nutt has become increasingly frustrated at the government 's decision to ignore the evidence provided by the council .
he was right .
report oiled birds
steele called scozzafava 's move a " selfless act . "
then it made sense .
and some of the proposals could benefit the state .
hebert posted hundreds of posters in stores , gasoline stations and offices .
icahn also said he 's changing the terms of the tender offer for bondholders who voted against the prepackaged bankruptcy .
in some cases , this shift could make it more difficult for other , smaller merchants to survive .
ashcroft denies he now has any interest in telemedia but his claims are rejected by the belizean government .
clausen sat out the fourth quarter after one of his most accurate games of the season .
the puzzlers' work helps prevent the public from forgetting how bad the east german regime was , metzler says .
the un has strongly denied the claims
it emerged last night that miliband has held secret talks with senior politicians in brussels about running for the job .
the maoists felled trees across the only road leading to the village .
under current treasury forecasts , expenditure will rise next year by 30 billion to 700 billion .
" you 're going to see more bold moves from mayor newsom , so stay tuned . "
hague made him party treasurer and secured him a life peerage in 2000 .
rising joblessness and waning government assistance raise the risk that consumer spending will slip again , holding back the expansion .
" teachers know for many students there is no other way to get to school . "
she was an unsuccessful candidate for president of the troubled chicago state university .
essentially the ace index approximates the total energy of a storm from its intensity and duration .
mr. hammad talked among hedges carved like the battlements of a castle .
some pirates suggested trading the couple , both in their 50s , for jailed comrades , residents said .
arreola 's legs were shattered , and the stethoscope was not detecting any blood circulation in his lower legs .
" otherwise , it 's an urban agenda , or a very progressive agenda . "
on friday , a man claiming to represent the captors demanded a $7 million ransom for the couple .
the main message the candidates need to send is simply : please vote .
they may drive several large trucks over the bridge to test the vibrations , agency spokesman bart ney said .
he also played a significant role in developing the country 's first artificial earth satellite .
" they 're going to baxdo , " he said .
the new banks will be standard retail banks concentrating on deposits and mortgages .
" i think the rba has a degree of urgency about it at the moment , " he says .
all of the early cases were from foreign visitors , though not just from the us .
like other families , the arreolas would set up an altar with photos of beloved , deceased relatives .
he also wanted to beat his time from last year 's race , about 24 minutes .
john reid becomes home secretary and drops review .
" they understood , just like i do , " he said .
a former government chief scientific adviser , sir david king , also said that nutt had gone too far .
he returned this year with greater purpose .
the meeting also announced the appointment of two senior officials .
in the past five years , maoists have detonated more than 1 , 000 improvised explosive devices in chattisgarh .
a weary fandi sometimes hands the oars over to his brother .
he then made his way to mexico city and boarded a plane to london , england .
that 's when someone invited her into the notorious courtyard .
" while cocaine is expensive , it is not out of reach for the middle classes with two incomes . "
indian paramilitary officers point machine guns across the water .
these younger guys , they do n't know the code .
the effort was also aided by clear weather and calm winds .
there are hopeful aspects .
you have no idea how weird .
the pencil sketch shows everything from the position of the doors and windows , to the cupboards and rugs .
in manila , residents hunkered down in their homes overnight as rains beat down on dark , deserted streets .
it 's unclear how many people have been killed .
" do we really want to send another democrat over there to continue that problem ? " nealey asked .
both also have raised more money than litt .
the council of ministers will then meet to elect the president and high representative by qualified majority .
friends said it was usual for him to work late into the night .
monitors will be installed to watch for unwanted movement that could cause another failure .
the median estimate of 10 economists surveyed by bloomberg news was for an 11.8 percent decrease .
hebert sometimes wakes up in the early morning hours and gets busy .
neither derr nor costello has run for office before , but both cite leadership experience running their own firms .
bart ran trains through the night friday and saturday .
the government has struggled to limit drilling by qat farmers , but to no effect .
he currently is in his second term .
the state has little authority outside the capital , sana .
das is shocked at the sheer audacity of spotting 3 , 000 mistakes in ' ramayana'.
tate finished with 141 total yards .
and this is a problem that extends far beyond the east bay campus' borders .
publicity might have been .
the boat was mirrored in the calm waters .
at first , the pain meant arreola could stand for only about 10 seconds at a time .
she refuses to limit herself .
" if it was n't , i would n't support it . "
what scares him : " big , giant rats and opossums . "
" how dare he ...he has committed an pardonable sin and must own it up , " he told toi .
on entering , one is struck by the acidic smell of the paper , and by the dust .
all it needed was a spark - the elements were already there .
all 15 were shot to death , they said .
' currently , the french hypermarket groups carrefour and geant are the main foreign chains in the middle east .
he found him again midway through the quarter for a 26-footer that made it 72-42 .
newly re-elected german chancellor angela merkel was among the dignitaries who attended saturday 's reunion .
at the end , agents tore them by bare hand as the teeming crowds smashed down their doors .
on saturday , crews ground the sides of metal holes designed for large nuts that stabilize the original repair .
the boat pushed on , carrying these two river boys back home .
if the maoists' political goals seem unattainable , analysts warn they will not be easy to uproot , either .
last year , two people died trying .
the arguments will have a way to go to counteract peer influence , judging by smith 's myspace page .
they still allow the annual state-sponsored holiday tree inside the capitol rotunda .
unemployment will exceed 10 percent early next year , according to the median forecast in a bloomberg poll last month .
" we 'll go fishing when we get back , " arreola recalled hammond telling him .
" just timed the jump , " he said .
a suspected serial killer has been arrested in america after six bodes were discovered hidden in and around his house .
" but we have a long ways to go . "
he started with two former treasury officials , press secretary mike ellam and chief of staff tom scholar .
the statement said the man was suspected of involvement in last sunday 's bombing of the justice ministry .
" we know that courtyard , and we 've been waiting for something to happen there .
how she scares people " i 'll shake a dismembered foot ... and laugh . "
ever since his arrest , rhonnie has struggled with what to say to the boy she has grown up with .
a lot of damage was caused by this crisis .
" just on its face , it looks like they are just trying to find things to deny him . "
a purchasing managers' report may show factories expanded at the fastest pace since 2006 .
doctors treat a few hundred runners every year , most for aches and pains .
the 2007-08 celtics were specialists in administering the coup de grace to opponents .
there were reports that three people in the group had survived .
on the third floor of the home two badly decomposed corpses were found .
cabral says the new strategy is working , with sales up 5 percent since the store redesign this summer .
" you never know. miracles happen , " she said .
lord mandelson is said to share the view that mr lewis will be better deployed in a strategic role .
she quoted one " deepshikh sam yuvati tan .. a young woman 's body is like a flame " .
along the way , the brothers often talk about their day or the games they play at home .
altogether , he was a perfect 7 for 7 in the third , scoring 20 of the celtics' 38 points .
the military grabbed him from his home at dawn and deported him to costa rica .
" i really think that someone just has n't looked at the whole picture . "
together with his wife and two children , qian sailed for more than a month before arriving in the mainland .
at present , british law allows ship owners to pay ransoms for the release of hijacked vessels .
he told a television interviewer friday that " it is not a certainty " that zelaya will be reinstated .
teachers and students were searching last week for at least one video that many said was filmed of the attack .
under the new rules , religious displays are ok outside the capitol buildings .
patty or cathy - those are the cardboard cutouts .
a spokesman refused to elaborate on his views .
" now he only comes two times a month because he has too much work . "
arreola participated in last year 's race of the dead , which winds through pilsen .
" i actually think it might be an untenable position , " nutt said of the chairmanship .
several other factors have combined to amplify the severity of the erosion .
police say he had spent 15 years in prison for a 1989 rape .
she called lozano 's parents and was told he was on his way .
but the latest and greatest clue did n't come from police , prosecutors or investigators , but a hairdresser .
martina metzler peers at the piles of paper strips spread across four desks in her office .
persistent rumours regarding its future at ten were fuelled by its non-inclusion in the network 's program launch for 2010 .
" that part of our lives with ( mirinae ) is over . "
the committee is waiting for further research to be completed about the effectiveness of the vaccine in younger children .
on a recent morning , chaudhry sits quietly in his wheelchair in his west yakima home .
the celtics decimated the bulls , 118-90 , last night , digging a 15-point hole for chicago by halftime .
at the news conference saturday , however , netanyahu said israel did want to resume talks .
the session also deliberated a draft amendment to the electoral law , which was enacted in 1953 .
it ensured equal representation among people , regions and ethnic groups .
newsom said as much in the statement he released friday :
controversy apart , swami has an impeccable track record .
a royal perth hospital spokeswoman confirmed at least one person had a spinal injury .
rescuers had found several pieces of debris from both aircraft but there was no sign of the victims .
the 7pm project has struggled in its slot , with a nightly national audience of around 700 , 000 .
a resident who lives farther down the street said he felt the collapse through his floor .
" prosecutors do n't understand that drilling is a serious problem . "
the pair , both played by patty duke , were matching bookends , different as night and day .
" now , economic growth is no substitute for job growth , " obama stressed in his radio address .
attorney barry lax says that madoff 's statement is one more reason the sec should be held accountable .
" i did n't know dave was in any kind of peril , " she said .
" this is a nonstarter , " erekat said .
but those demands were rejected earlier in the week in talks with mr karzai .
sowell was convicted for a 1989 rape for which he was imprisoned from 1990 to 2005 , stacho said .
crist was to be evaluated on monday .
" and overall it was an issues-oriented campaign , not as negative as it usually gets . "
darren dunlap , 38 , frequently visits the neighborhood to see his brother or friends .
but he stopped short of calling it a conspiracy .
she said : ' this might have been a copycat thing in the ctbto . '
so far , he believes there 's simply not enough reliable data to make a call either way .
jones led the eagles with 62 rushing yards .
yuan 's revelations cover only the bidding process for the olympics because he was not around for the games themselves .
' it will not be enough for the banks to sell a brand name , ' said a treasury source .
" of course , " he said .
an index of employment dropped to 52.4 from 53.2.
" the election will be held and all procedures will go as normal , " noor mohammad noor said .
a safety gave portland state an early 2-0 lead , but it could not overcome five turnovers , all interceptions .
it was once said to be worth more than $100 million , but that was more than 200 cars ago .
the shares , which traded at more than $61 each in february 2007 , have declined 84 percent this year .
almost 300 pirate attacks were logged worldwide in 2008 alone .
" it 's an open jail for us , " he said .
six coast guard cutters , three navy ships and multiple helicopters searched the ocean off southern california .
the election is tuesday .
clausen , keeping his name in the heisman trophy conversation , was 22 of 27 for 268 yards .
last sunday 's two-vehicle suicide bombing also targeted the governorate in central baghdad .
the world health organization said it would send a team to ukraine to assist the authorities .
despite an open mayoral race , the city council races have generated little interest among voters .
wait .
a pentagon official said a day earlier that the crash likely killed all aboard .
but he knows his role is temporary , and he is not seeking attention for himself .
he rarely leaves his home .
the court and congress previously endorsed the coup .
" there is no safe location where we can go . "
the balance will come , but the emphasis last night was on finishing the job .
sir terry sat on the board of trade 's competitiveness advisory group .
more than half of this country 's scarce water is used to feed an addiction .
chaudhry provided that information to immigration authorities when he applied for citizenship .
" he was crazy , " she said from her porch saturday .
the collision occurred as the coast guard airplane was itself carrying out a search for a missing boatman .
the decision on justice dinakaran was expected , given the furore over his alleged encroachment on public land .
she said she has known sowell since high school .
yet when the need arises , he said , " i 'm ready . "
mirinae appeared to be heading next toward vietnam .
" it could be a little choppy. it could be uneven. and it 's going to take awhile . "
thus far , the puzzlers are 440 sacks into the process .
" it 's a personal choice which may or may not be made . "
at the edge of the indravati river , hundreds of miles from the nearest international border , india effectively ends .
the election is on jan. 17 , and ms. tymoshenko formally registered as a candidate on saturday .
" i guess those kids thought what they did was tight , was cool. but it was terrible . "
the group worked to bring a police substation to fondren .
" i 'm very attached to it. i 'm a soldier and i respect that flag . "
the deadline for those conditions to be met expires on saturday .
he had even scouted potential sites .
on sunday , the younger mubarak will take centre stage when he addresses the conference .
arreola noticed that the streets were suspiciously quiet , no vehicle traffic or kids playing .
the missing person the coast guard members were searching for is still missing , farris said .
that , erekat said , is evidence that netanyahu has " no interest " in continuing negotiations .
what 's more surprising is that , globally , the picture 's much the same .
" both have indicated that they will abide by it , and i believe them , " he told reporters .
exports to the u.s. slid 37.4 percent , the ministry said .
ashcroft 's companies have made a series of donations to members of the tories' foreign affairs team .
as often is the case when it comes to hurricane science , the question is data quality .
he had even spent time online researching their positions .
notre dame will play its future offsite home games in texas , florida or new york .
india 's maoist rebels are now present in 20 states and have evolved into a potent and lethal insurgency .
" i worried every time , " madoff said in the interview .
the delay does n't bother fandi and alfan .
the situation in ukraine " has reached the epidemic threshold , " ms. tymoshenko said .
" but that was before national borders were established , " mr. eryani added .
newsom 's colleagues at city hall were surprised by friday 's news .
san francisco officials asked people to refrain from swimming in the bay and stay away from local beaches .
brown 's seat has drawn eight contenders , including front-runners derr , herman litt and stephen costello .
corben 's father , who was in court to support him yesterday , posted $10 , 000 cash as surety .
it was mr blair who reopened diplomatic ties with the country when he was prime minister .
one mcmanus format seemingly set for the scrap heap is are you smarter than a fifth grader ? .
the sanctions were starting to hurt , these officials said , and were being felt especially by big business .
farmers depended mostly on rainwater collection and shallow wells .
many live in the town and walk or ride motorbikes to school .
his enemies , including major landowners , branded him a thuggish thief .
besides meeting netanyahu , clinton also held talks with israeli defense minister ehud barak and foreign minister avigdor lieberman .
but it also has a practical purpose for the gop , said republican political consultant chris vance .
afghan electoral law says that any vote cast for a candidate who withdraws will not be counted .
according to nutt , tobacco should rank ninth , ahead of cannabis , lsd and ecstasy .
that was devastating news for a young man who adored the freedom he felt when running and playing soccer .
but palestinian president mahmoud abbas is sticking to his refusal to resume negotiations until israel stops building settlements .
tensions between the tibetan people and chinese government led to violent clashes in march last year .
bob schoellkopf , another broker , says property appraisals should be done every other year instead of annually .
democrats meantime faced the prospects of frustrated voters in the feb. 2 primary .
tesco chief executive sir terry leahy is well acquainted with mr blair 's charm and networking skills .
" close games all the time it kind of gets old . "
but cops quickly made the horrific discovery that the property hid the bodies of several suspected murder victims .
he said sowell was known for borrowing money and looking for scrap metal to sell .
police had set up an emergency response centre and celebrated when news broke that he had been picked up .
" maybe there 's hope for us everywhere else . "
marcus aguirre , 36 , said he came to like the controller through her involvement in democratic activist groups .
" people should have full knowledge of reality whether good or bad , " he said .
" recreational drug use has become very normalised .
seventeen officers died , fighting for hours until they ran out of ammunition .
the maoists also killed 31 police officers from other nearby outposts in attacks in february and may .
" we cannot move , this is no joke , " magcalas said .
a prepackaged bankruptcy " is probably going to go through , " icahn said yesterday .
the value of the collection is hard to determine .
" those boys who did what they did were n't picturing that girl as a human , " she said .
his line for the night was 22 points , 8 rebounds , 4 assists , and 3 steals .
the winners will serve out the remainder of a term that lasts through 2010 .
later two more bodies were found in a crawl space in the house .
jimmy clausen wandered the notre dame sideline worry-free with the clock ticking down and a blowout victory minutes away .
overall , the number of new cases in england increased by 50% last week to 78 , 000 .
self and others believe the cosco busan spill may have played a large role in killing off herring eggs .
and now we know .
surging auto sales , driven by tax cuts and subsidies , are boosting manufacturing .
the puzzlers work in a former asylum seekers' application office in zirndorf , a small town in deepest bavaria .
he recalled that giannopoulos was handpicked to take courses on military tactics that he passed on to his men .
it would also allow ed miliband , a former adviser to brown , to throw his hat into the ring .
the state 's environment commissioner michael egbebike speaks to voa .
" i do n't need to tell you the honor that would be . "
he called his biggest grab luck .
insp dominic wood said it was a halloween party gone wrong .
peter acquaro is a financial planner .
after the incident , almaleki drove to mexico and abandoned his vehicle in nogales , peoria police said .
the move comes after the eu last week backed plans to split nationalised northern rock in two .
" we have a shortage of resources , " he said .
" it is moving away toward the south china sea , " said chief government forecaster nathaniel cruz .
however , qian 's road home was not smooth .
" i think there 's going to be a return to the status quo . "
others who are sympathetic to the plight of the adivasis say the maoist violence has become intolerable .
" the tories making cuts now and cuts next year are putting the recovery at risk . "
" we have the beaches closed to provide an onshore refuge for the birds , " escobar said .
the plans come amid growing concern about the number and severity of infections in children .
it began when hebert met lozano in college .
she was told it was faked to show her daughter was from mexico .
massachusetts' landmark 2006 health care overhaul law provided the model for the national legislation now under construction in congress .
the villagers also risk being swept to their death by flood water during the rainy season .
nutt 's supporters say his comments were consistent with his argument that drugs policy should be evidence-based .
the police source said cocaine is no longer a wealthy socialite 's drug and is widely embraced across the population .
" it was a relief , " clausen said .
and kennedy himself would approve , dodd said .
business has multiplied eightfold since 2005 , including brisk sales in small sicus palms , which cost about $350 .
a ten spokesperson later said : " rove will be back on ten in 2010 . "
" he 's won on both counts . "
guest alan rorke said it was a mad rush to help all the injured .
the obama administration has been criticized in some quarters for failing to act more forcefully sooner .
that makes it impossible to calculate exactly how much massachusetts would gain or lose overall .
ubs and credit suisse have about 200 entities in the state , according to the group .
" we would also hold a competition commission inquiry into the banking market . "
israel withdrew from gaza in 2005 .
read local coverage on cnn affiliate wjw
sydney university media lecturer dr marc brennan questioned the future of rove 's current format .
cit dropped 23 cents , or 24 percent , to 72 cents in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday .
fishing should be avoided anywhere there is a visible sheen .
" oiled birds need to get onshore because they lose their insulation . "
that morning , following a tip , a police patrol chased two maoist fighters and stumbled into a trap .
swami 's disciples like noted kathavachak prem bhushanji claims the alterations mainly relate to punctuation marks , matras and spellings .
" the three of us do n't want to take credit for the accomplishments of the previous generations . "
for years , the central government regarded them as mostly a nuisance .
hamas has long preached that abbas' moderation does n't pay and that only armed struggle will produce a palestinian state .
how she scares people : " we 're just here to ... spin fire . "
on monday , mr adbullah said mr lodin had " no credibility " .
he returned to the mainland after the new china was founded .
" if you do n't take it now , do n't come back to us later looking for help . "
obama said overall the stimulus had created or saved more than one million jobs .
the cayman islands and the united kingdom round out the top five .
" there was a time where he kind of picked and chose , " rivers said .
how he scares people " it 's more like a creepy scary in the cages or shaking a cage . "
anambra is easily the worst affected state in the region .
the u.s. has lost a total of 7.2 million jobs since the recession began in december 2007 .
now , operation green hunt portends more confrontation .
" whatever sounds good to my ears , i 'll vote for that . "
initial reports saturday from mirinae indicated more flooding but relatively few deaths .
seeing two jagged edges that match , her eyes light up and she tapes them together .
similar increases have been factored into fujitsu consulting 's modelling .
" whether it 's been stops in the red zone like against northern colorado or turnovers here .
" and now it comes from the internet and satellite channels . "
are serena , vanessa , blair , chuck , or jenny good guys or villains ?
here , about 50 flat-screen televisions hang from the wall , a 60 percent increase in recent months .
republicans question figures
that frightens some teachers .
the aircraft commander , lt. cmdr. che barnes , 35 , is from capay , calif .
" we are not bad people . "
leaders around the globe also voiced approval .
but as most of us remember , youth is n't easily and quickly defined .
but the source added that he was ' not the suicide type'.
marzuki effendi , a sociology teacher here , said he and his brother rowed to school for years .
" the 50 years of authoritarian rule has been debilitating to the country . "
abbas suspended negotiations over israel 's offensive last december in the gaza strip .
hebert had temporary custody of bianca .
what 's in the future ?
the deal also had a $1 , 000 bonus and a wage freeze for new hires until 2015 .
he was intrigued by one tract near downtown and one closer to the museum district .
red teeth declined to say why the hostages were being moved inland .
drugs charities were also critical .
the conservatives said the break up of the state-owned banks had already been " well trailed " .
abbas is fighting a perception among his people that he repeatedly caves in to u.s. demands .
" there is a delicate balance to strike between showing leadership in this area and facilitating a scientific debate . "
the seat opened following the death of rep. steve hailey , r-mesa .
ms sheriff , who moves to downing street tomorrow , was fourth choice for the high-profile head of news job .
but a major bridge connecting teluk meranti with other villages has yet to be finished .
he said the council needs to discuss how to raise or set aside money to fix roads and drainage .
" people must remember most balconies are designed in reality for a family group , " insp davies said .
the challenge was finding cars he did not have and which suited an increasingly refined taste .
the bench allowed the celtics' stars to rest heavily in the fourth quarter for the second straight night .
ductal carcinoma in situ accounts for 20% of the diagnoses made through screening .
she was to receive a $110 , 000-a-year salary , along with a housing stipend .
the company says it 's the third-largest u.s. railcar-leasing firm and the world 's third-biggest aircraft financier .
icahn is chairman of the st. charles , missouri-based railcar maker .
treece said o'quinn's personal property has been left to the foundation that served his charitable giving .
pierce made it his personal duty to drain the bulls of any confidence .
the trio advocates citywide recycling and an independent civilian review board to examine police abuses .
a few hours from now , tens of thousands of runners will hit new york streets .
in the short span of time , she found entire verses missing in ayodhyakand .
police had originally been looking to question sowell after a woman accused him of rape and assault a month ago .
the unit inherited 2-point lead at the start of the period and stretched it to double digits within minutes .
" i want all my patients to walk a minimum of 30 minutes every single day . "
the patients include pregnant women and those with conditions such as asthma and diabetes .
a spokesman for lord ashcroft referred all queries to the conservative party .
charles clarke becomes home secretary and announces review of cannabis decision .
" he 's not coming back , " she recalled telling her mother .
about 40 guests were at the halloween party , aged between 59 and 77 .
a total of 217 children have been treated in hospital , including 27 who are in critical care .
mr. tsvangirai is the leader of the movement for democratic change ( mdc ) party .
" the water is high. we need help , " he said in a public address via radio dzbb .
arreola finished in about 38 minutes , half as fast as his typical time of 19 minutes .
former leading east german dissident baerbel bohley said germany cannot afford to halt the project .
" in all my time , i 've never seen anything like that , " adams said .
yemen has suffered ecological crises before and survived .
the government needs permission for its state aid package for the banks from european competition commissioner neelie kroes .
but scores of others from surrounding villages must negotiate the river .
the two men had previously founded a financial consulting firm together .
some 500 , 000 israelis live in settlements in the west bank and east jerusalem .
the doctors were able to save his legs , but the ensuing rehabilitation was brutal .
the tariffs will take effect on monday this week , the ministry said .
just as his men were planning their next move , the ied decimated their humvee .
schulz , who said miliband would make a " superb candidate " refused to elaborate on the private talks .
for millenniums , yemen preserved traditions of careful water use .
he was a disruptive student who once threw a flaming ball of paper at a teacher .
" my opinion was that we should talk about human rights ourselves , " he writes .
entrance to their salmon-colored building is via a high-security electric gate .
political observers favor oliver pennington as a front-runner .
exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama has criticized chinese leaders for misleading the world about the situation in tibet .
the event ushered in the end of soviet communism and germany 's reunification .
workers test the patch by slowly tightening steel rods that keep the brace secure .
self worried about the oil 's impact on eelgrass beds around alameda , which provide important spawning habitat for herring .
aung san suu kyi has recently backed direct dialogue with the military government .
she told quinn 's office that she has accepted a position elsewhere but did not provide details .
in addition to providing a historical record , the files can help people clear their names .
endorsements were cited repeatedly by backers of former city attorney gene locke .
teluk meranti 's four schools serve children ages 5 to 18 .
" so people are making efforts on their own but the situation is such that individuals cannot handle alone . "
an initial autopsy concluded that there were ' no suspicious circumstances'.
even when car bombs were exploding in the neighborhood , his mother insisted on watering the garden daily .
he told them he would be night-flying the following evening .
according to the complaint , yee did not make any trades himself .
yee 's lawyer said he is innocent and will contest the charges .
his co-pilot , lt. adam bryant , 28 , is from crewe , va .
they are stationed at coast guard air station sacramento , california , where their aircraft is based .
" the people were the heroes , " said mr gorbachev , 78 .
it has been suggested that mr hampton may have been involved in talks discussing nuclear testing in iran .
the bombings killed at least 160 people , the deadliest attacks in iraq since 2007 .
team members could n't figure out what was wrong and turned to him .
" we 're representing many victims against the sec , " lax said .
another man arrived on a motorcycle from a more distant village .
inspectors hired by caltrans will evaluate the work , followed by a group of independent inspectors who check it again .
major celebrations are planned for 9 november , the 20th anniversary of the wall 's collapse .
the fight might just move outdoors .
then they found a freshly dug grave containing another body in the basement .
it does n't take much to trace the cause , they say .
" the important thing ... is to get into the negotiations , " she said .
ashcroft is facing a mounting backlash in his adopted home of belize .
council chair sir michael rawlins says he is stepping down and nutt succeeds him in october .
the three attackers also died .
madoff described markopolos as " a joke in the industry . "
these writers play into viewers' expectations of type , rather than challenge them .
" i 'm hoping that someone somewhere will wake up and see what 's going on , " chaudhry said .
its go-ahead , however , depends on political will .
he bought and bought and never stopped .
" i 'm always looking for him . "
" i could n't really see much , but i heard this one lady constantly screaming , " he said .
washington state freshman jeff tuel was 12-of-23 for 104 yards and two touchdowns , both to jared karstetter .
shipments to japan declined 22.5 percent over the same period .
" he got into a groove , he operated well , " baldwin said of nichols .
critics have said high-level u.s. visits from other countries give legitimacy to the military regime that jails opponents .
" you ca n't defend the tactics , " said mr. varshney , the brown university professor .
robert kane works in hotel management .
sowell , however , was not at home .
" that alone is not going to help , " he said .
back then , many trips took two hours each way .
back in 1963 , a sitcom named " the patty duke show " defined what a girl could be .
in britain , vaccination is likely to focus initially on children aged 10 to 18 .
state officials say that could increase the costs of subsidized insurance significantly .
a neighbour said the sound of the collapse was indescribable .
the move to vaccinate children was backed by the royal college of general practitioners .
" we feel we can be more competitive in these areas . "
driving around southeast nigeria , examples of soil erosion at its worst are a common sight .
the family last spoke to their son wednesday by phone .
instead of a joyous milestone , the race reminded arreola how much vibrancy had been taken from him .
she is in serious but stable condition , police said .
his windows still bear masking tape x 's , to prevent them from shattering easily .
switzerland has been the poster child for financial secrecy over the past year .
but when the rowing gets tough , the boat goes silent .
he said he would be , and that reporters " would have a political story sunday . "
they had caught a 20-foot python .
" we are not fighting an enemy here. we are fighting citizens . "
this is no mississippi .
about 75 percent of members voting nationwide rejected the deal , one of the people said .
" and then there 's [ the question of ] who picks up the tab for exceeding those minimums . "
" but we 've got every reason to be proud about german reunification . "
she hoped that lessons would be learned from nutt 's forced resignation .
but he added : " i think the government has lacked courage in backing david 's committee 's advice . "
keith vaz , who chairs the home affairs select committee , described nutt 's comments as " unwise " .
politicians from other parties expressed shock at the decision .
on the same day , he met the country 's finance minister , this time representing jp morgan .
she pledged to put up a large sign if a nativity is allowed this year on the capitol campus .
the sixty-year-old blind swami flatly refuses to buckle down .
the maoists , however , do not want to secede or be absorbed .
" you cannot put a price on the importance of this , " she said .
now , the country he served is kicking him out .
she was either a cathy or a patty .
there have been 800 reported cases of the flu in cuba , including seven deaths .
also up for grabs is a house seat from the 9th district , which includes pullman and cheney .
from here , the maoists recruited and trained disgruntled tribal villagers and slowly spread out .
the farmers have little choice : qat is the only way to make a profit .
if true , he did not have far to go .
yuan guiren , in replacement of zhou ji , was appointed minister of education .
a phone call and e-mail to roger kerson , a uaw spokesman , were n't returned .
he declined to say whether the recession is over , saying economists will figure that out years from now .
in the opening speech , mr mubarak laid out plans for much-needed improvements to healthcare , education and transport .
officials reviewed the catch - perhaps the only time the irish were in suspense all night .
he refused to comment further .
it is understood that ashcroft did not attend meetings with either kerry or clinton .
sharing might be easier in salem , where witchcraft has become something of a cottage industry .
weis said crist thought he heard something in his knee when he went down .
" he was flying , just like he liked to , " she said .
according to his son qian yonggang , the kuomintang once invited qian to come back but he refused .
he never arrived .
the national association of realtors' report on pending home sales is due nov. 2 .
according to environment commissioner egbebike , local residents have also contributed to the problem .
" i wish they caught me six years ago , eight years ago . "
mr. eryani , the water minister , takes the long view .
in a statement , ten said : " we have yet to make firm plans regarding fifth grader . "
larry hamermesh , a business law professor at widener university in delaware , said the state gets an unfair rap .
caltrans plans to increase routine inspections of the bridge and the repair .
he never returned , and neither did their daughter .
push .
" to cast it as a friend and interim appointee succeeding senator kennedy , " he said , pausing .
overseas companies are banned from making donations to political parties in britain .
so we chatted to some of the characters at local haunted houses .
" what can we do ? "
aung san suu kyi has spent 14 of the past 20 years under some form of detention .
prosecutors say friehling never performed an audit of madoff 's company .
mr carter was given a peerage and quit no10 after a series of internal rows .
he did not know the status of the airspace at the time of the crash .
tugged by her story , he and his staff joined hebert in knocking on government doors and making calls .
clinton said the offer that the israeli government is making on settlements is " unprecedented. "
the remainder were able to pick themselves up and walk away , albeit extremely dazed and distressed .
also running are j. brad batteau , kenneth perkins and donald cook .
in short , finn is saying , " do n't fence me in . "
seidman is a flight engineer with a 23-year career in the coast guard .
and mr ellam was replaced by mr lewis .
but it is understood that mr hampton 's widow olena gryshcuk and her family were deeply unhappy with that verdict .
" i do n't think nativity scenes belong on the outside of capitols either , " gaylor said .
on the other side of the campus , more than 400 students partied at the homecoming dance .
king ran unsuccessfully for mayor of oakland against jerry brown in 1998 , and has been with ac ever since .
arreola was the worst hit .
both sides expect a close race .
there were a lot of people to lead .
such a showdown was almost inevitable .
last week , sensitive quarterback finn delivered a speech that was one of the pop-operatic series' realest moments so far .
he planned to build a museum to display them that he claimed would be the greatest in the world .
" i am older , " he said sternly .
some even sprinkled the wheels of their cars with holy water and cruised around town to ward off witches .
notre dame has had the opposite problem .
but now there is a place in baghdad for his creations , he said .
supervisor ross mirkarimi said he 's glad a distracted newsom will have more time for his day job .
the coast guard plane had been on a search mission for a couple of days before thursday 's crash .
" i worry about them , " said mardiana , who , like the brothers , goes by one name .
he does not regard building in occupied east jerusalem , annexed in defiance of international complaint , as settlement .
u.s. senator jim webb held a landmark meeting with burma 's military leader than shwe in august .
he said beijing was fooling the world into thinking the situation between the tibetan people and the chinese had improved .
unemployment data out november 12 will be a key factor .
" we were searching in that area because of the drift that would have naturally occurred after that event . "
the progress means there is a glimmer of hope that the bridge could reopen in time for monday 's commute .
the remaining three are joe chow , khalid khan and mike laster .
" it could have been much worse , thankfully we 've only got lower limb injuries . "
many days , the boys arrive at school tired and sweaty after a hard row .
" that is my flag , " he says .
two tibetans were executed earlier this week for their roles in the riots .
following decisions to reject its advice on cannabis and ecstasy , there have been questions about its purpose .
the killings sent a chill through peasant activist groups that often have a testy relationship with the mexican government .
" we welcome competition and objective opposition , " he told delegates .
in his address saturday , the dalai lama said chinese police never tried to stop the violence .
a seasonal ace index is simply the summation of all the storm values .
however , baloi would not say exactly when the summit would be held .
a un spokeswoman said an investigation into that case continues , though austrian police have concluded it was suicide .
after helping her , he set off to return to his sailboat , which was anchored at the avalon harbor .
mcclain was not alone .
" life is very difficult , " the man said .
the file showed the extent to which anderson betrayed fellow artists and dissidents .
about 40 miles from laheri , a processing plant owned by essar steel has been closed for five months .
association of chief police officers says it now believes cannabis should be upgraded .
she serves on the boards of the memorial city redevelopment authority and the spring branch medical center .
" there 's not a word to describe the overwhelming depression , " ann chaudhry said as her eyes moistened .
taiwan 's eastern television will also air the program on saturday evening .
caltrans officials said the problems had been solved , but they have yet to make the final sign-off .
o'quinn was a force previously unwitnessed in the classic car world .
his gaze focused , fandi stood for better leverage , extending two long oars into the water .
' nothing has changed'
" that poor girl will have a lot of healing to do . "
" but the number of people is rising , and the water is growing less and less . "
the girl said no .
deep gullies , washed away homes , bridges and roads are hard to ignore .
this was confirmed to toi by the chief justice of india k g balakrishnan .
even the neighborhood ex-cons who lounge against their cars all afternoon at the back end of campus are outraged .
both lewis cook and al hoang , a vietnamese immigrant , are lawyers .
lozano had visitation rights .
downing street spin-doctor damian mcbride was forced out over leaked emails containing unfounded slurs against tory mp nadine dorries .
throughout the budget battle of the spring and summer , newsom repeatedly scolded anybody who used the word " crisis. "
in rural areas , people can often be seen gathering drinking water from cloudy , stagnant cisterns where animals drink .
" they are not letting them celebrate . "
topiaries are not traditional in iraq , said salwa nori , an agricultural engineer and garden designer .
eventually , more schools were built , cutting travel times .
" i carry a gun because they carry a gun . "
magistrate george zdenkowski said the allegation was extremely serious and the victim was allegedly deprived of her liberty .
ministers and the european competition commissioner are in talks over reducing the scale of state-supported banks .
after that , the rounds of final inspections begin .
as peddlers spread their wares over blankets , the nearby government office was locked behind a closed gate .
the talk wanted to know what makes those people hired to give us nightmares tick .
the court also heard the pair did not know each other before the incident .
" it 's different from the cosco busan , but in both cases it 's inexcusable . "
local officials are practical about such perils .
they will be sold to new entrants to the banking market and not to existing financial institutions .
" at some point , you have to honor the constitution . "
" that 's not gavin . "
tuel was also picked off twice .
the disclosure comes as new details emerged of mr blair 's business affairs in the middle east .
" we are almost unique in the g20 in that we do not currently have a stimulus plan for 2010-11 .
" he was a true science leader and master with brilliant scientific and philosophic thinking . "
cit arranged a $4.5 billion term loan that can be used in bankruptcy , the company said oct. 28 .
" it 's a big disaster , " he said .
" that 's all i can say . "
the dense jungles and mountains on the other side belong to maoist rebels dedicated to overthrowing the government .
there are additional signs south korea 's economy is recovering .
village head harrison okoye describes the devastating effects of gully erosion .
" i never imagined it would be this long , " said hebert , 37 , who lives in pearland .
many parts of the country are too dangerous for government engineers or hydrologists to venture into .
the alleged assault on friday morning happened near its famed rooftop pool bar .
repeat .
