had i with greater policy concealed my struggles .
the more gentle adieus of her sisters were uttered without being heard .
if your feelings are still what they were last april , tell me so at once .
or how am i even to know that it would be wisdom to resist ?
and miss bingley .
that had his actions been what wickham represented them .
and then he do n't have any fun , anyway , all by himself that way . ''
jane was therefore obliged to go on horseback .
he must make such an agreement for tythes as may be beneficial to himself and not offensive to his patron .
`` out with it and nobody here 'll ever tell , lad . ''
`` my dear mr. bennet .
does it not expressly declare that caroline neither expects nor wishes me to be her sister .
`` lizzy , my dear , i want to speak with you . ''
because i have reason to expect an addition to our family party . ''
nothing could be more delightful !
`` what ! ''
dead .
may arrive earlier than she is aware .
when she found herself suddenly addressed by mr. darcy .
`` were so fortunate as to be able to sing .
`` you better make sure . ''
that 's the lord 's mark .
some vague figures approached through the gloom .
he said .
lady catherine opened the doors into the dining-parlour and drawing-room .
and they gave way only to the greater distress of mr. bingley 's continued absence .
the new boy took two broad coppers out of his pocket and held them out with derision .
and , consequently , that it would be highly expedient to wait on her at pemberley the following morning .
to `` let him have it to the hilt , '' because `` dead men tell no tales . ''
and very unwillingly said so .
adieu to disappointment and spleen .
`` come , darcy , '' said he , `` i must have you dance .
so considerable a sum as three thousand pounds , again was she forced to hesitate .
sir william did not say much .
simply at random .
separate and distinct , that grew about their feet .
elizabeth made no answer .
for the oppressed millions groaning under the heel of european monarchies and oriental despotisms .
and they bedded him nightly in unsympathetic sheets that had not one little spot
but she had not got beyond the words `` delightful .
mrs. bennet .
he is a gentleman .
then he spoke : `` who tore this book ? ''
you mean number one ? ''
tom , after a pause : `` i wish i 'd said mister williams .
but my dear lydia , i don't at all like your going such a way off .
you devil ! ''
`` i wo n't . ''
in anticipating the happiness of bingley .
then the master stood over him during a few awful moments .
no less a one than the county judge .
as tom and becky soon discovered .
i do n't care for them ! ''
and farther apology would be absurd.. i had not been long in hertfordshire .
'' said she .
seemed to do it only for the sake of finding out that
and sleeping one night on the road , reached longbourn by dinner-time the next day .
but tom sat still .
she tried to recollect some instance of goodness .
you know my sentiments . ''
`` you observed it , mr. darcy , i am sure , '' said miss bingley .
the boys did as they had often done before .
she soliloquized : `` oh , if i only had a brass andiron-knob again !
she was teazed by mr. collins .
elizabeth , after slightly surveying it , went to a window to enjoy its prospect .
and the last allowance of corn pone devoured .
and , in short , as the time drew near , she would have been very sorry for any delay .
tom , s'pose it 's injun joe ! ''
give the countersign . ''
not a sound obtruded upon great nature 's meditation .
which i can do without any inconvenience .
i have not been accustomed to such language as this .
protested that he never read novels.. kitty stared at him .
his pride .
to share with jane in the cares that must now fall wholly upon her , in a family so deranged .
she was most sure of success .
miss de bourgh .
when the sound of horses drew their notice , and darcy and bingley were seen riding down the street .
he contented himself with coolly replying , that he perceived no other alteration than her being rather tanned , .
and so .
the party did not supply much conversation .
justice of the peace .
the wedding need not be put off , for mr. darcy might have done as well . ''
`` and certainly ought not to have appeared .
and the carriage stopped at the small gate .
`` for they .
and keeping a furtive eye out , all the while , to see if becky thatcher was noticing .
is that so ?
but slyness seems the fashion .
just then along comes these two chaps slipping along close by me .
mary was the only daughter who remained at home .
gave them supper , made them rest till two or three hours after dark and then brought them home .
in spots where the opening of the trees gave the eye power to wander .
all the old graves were sunken in , there was not a tombstone on the place .
among his former friends , there are still some who are able and willing to assist him in the army .
he is a combination of the characteristics of three boys whom i knew .
she cared for none of her friends .
maintaining at the same time the most resolute composure of countenance .
whatever he might afterwards persuade her to , it was not on her side a scheme of infamy .
the departed were the talk of the whole town .
these parties were acceptable to all .
in eagerness to follow him , without losing a moment of the time so precious .
jane 's temper was not desponding .
and in the latter object .
`` my real purpose was to see you .
but she would not allow that any objections there had material weight with mr. darcy .
come along with me , boys , you are keeping everybody waiting .
or maybe two or three .
`` i like her appearance , '' said elizabeth , struck with other ideas .
and he would say cheerily : `` oh , it 's all right .
the daughter of mr. darcy .
they have a sharp , shrewish look , which i do not like at all .
mr. hurst and mr. bingley were at piquet , and mrs. hurst was observing their game .
wish to see your sister make such an exhibition . ''
and unwilling for her sister 's sake .
but he altered his mind : `` no .
and it was settled , that as soon as the ceremony was over , they should proceed to longbourn .
and say .
and endeavoured to put a stop to the exclamations of her mother and sisters .
nothing that she could say , however , had any influence .
and therefore checked her laugh .
if that is all , i have a very poor opinion of young men who live in derbyshire .
and though every prospect of her own was destroyed for the evening .
though unheard by lydia .
has everything a purpose and a mission ?
recommended an express to town for one of the most eminent physicians .
he was excessively glad to find that he had taken himself out of the way .
the odd superstitions touched upon were all prevalent among children and
no , tom , that ai n't it .
and must .
'' `` i am truly rejoiced that my cousin lydia 's sad business has been so well hushed up .
and was lying off , now , in comfort , with his pipe .
`` i 'm glad you 've slept , becky .
as required some ingenuity to evade .
gave them directions as to the best method of packing .
and if a smart young colonel .
for he was personating the big missouri , and considered himself to be drawing nine feet of water .
that mr. denny had brought him from london , and that he was to have a lieutenant's commission in the .
`` all right .
does he know his real character ? ''
all wondered who he could be .
and resolved to appear and to speak with calmness , if he really intended to meet them .
as tom said .
`` that is not very likely .
peculiarly denoted her perverseness and assurance .
the spaniard was wrapped in a serape .
some of the officers always made part of it , of which officers mr. wickham was sure to be one .
it has been my own doing , and i ought to feel it . ''
and filial pride , for he is very proud of what his father was , have done this .
or because you are conscious that your figures appear to the greatest advantage in walking.. if the first .
though objectionable .
lydia 's voice was heard in the vestibule .
`` yes .
`` you persist , then , in supposing his sisters influence him . ''
.
you are each of you so complying , that nothing will ever be resolved on .
`` you bet i 'll follow him , if it 's dark , huck .
you can not seriously imagine that because miss bingley tells you her brother greatly admires miss darcy .
`` that 's a lie . ''
and the latter said not a word to her all dinner time .
he shuddered .
and if the heart was young the music issued at the lips .
her sisters were uneasy for her , but her mother was delighted .
huck was silent for some time , engaged in a mental struggle .
and without meaning that it should affect his endeavour to separate him from miss bennet .
he listened to her with perfect indifference .
she drew near the card-table .
`` i am exceedingly gratified .
but his manners were always so pleasing .
`` say .
oh !
but peter signified that he did want it .
nobody entered the alley or left it .
i been thinking 'bout that .
done while mrs. bennet was stirring the fire .
she could not bear such suspense .
you may imagine what i felt and how i acted .
but , unluckily for her ladyship , its effect had been exactly contrariwise .
so they moved on again .
here .
having now a good house and very sufficient income , he intended to marry .
and he smiled , just this way .
hoping for her return .
he who , she had been persuaded .
not handsome enough to dance with !
what can have induced him to behave so cruelly ? ''
this restored her and she said : `` tom , what a turn you did give me .
and by so doing .
moreover , to enter into an engagement of allowing her , during your life , one hundred pounds per annum .
but mrs. bennet .
follies and nonsense .
beaded dewdrops stood upon the leaves and grasses .
as tom wended to school after breakfast .
and mr. collins 's proposal accepted with as good a grace as she could .
these thoughts worked their dim way through huck 's mind .
pretending to be busy chasing schoolmates , and screaming with laughter when she made a capture .
next you said i warn't bad , only mischeevous and harum-scarum , and not any more responsible than .
but in matters of greater weight , i may suffer from the want of money .
tom could not get away from it .
he would have given it to mr. darcy .
which she had assured herself of his feeling in derbyshire .
that want of proper resolution which now made him the slave of his designing friends .
but at any rate , was perfectly ready to accede to his proposal .
i am sure you neglect nothing that can add to the beauties of that noble place .
and i have known him ever since he was four years old . ''
he assured her with much earnest gravity that it was not of the least importance .
this they took .
they must all go to brighton .
after giving each of them an hasty kiss .
cried he , with an air of awkward gallantry .
the rest of his letter is only about his dear charlotte's situation , and his expectation of a young olive-branch .
i wish i may die this minute if i did .
the idea of his returning no more elizabeth treated with the utmost contempt .
and elizabeth had little opportunity of studying her spirits .
and they half wanted to hear him roar , and were half afraid he might , too .
he climbed the fence , threaded his stealthy way through the plants , till he stood under that window .
and i 'll come up in the morning and we 'll count it and divide .
`` well , i don ' know no kings , tom . ''
but concluded that it would be best to sit down and rest awhile , first .
it is many , many years since i first began to think of him in a very different manner .
and just as it 's midnight you back up against the
and now the minister prayed .
unless mr. darcy returned within the stated time .
he was not seated by her .
for god 's sake , say no more of his partners .
`` tom !
tackle it and see if i can come to stand it .
[ then to the clerk : ] `` call thomas sawyer ! ''
`` but i must !
for the inclination he soon testified of renewing those attentions which had marked the early part of their acquaintance .
for she had by no means given up her plan of their residing in hertfordshire , was a severe disappointment .
according to aunt polly 's varying moods .
he came to tell mr. gardiner that he had found out where your sister and mr. wickham were .
`` i said i would , tom , and i will .
`` you can not be more than twenty , i am sure , .
of that kind of love which i suppose him to have felt .
he called himself a fool , and all the hard names he could think of .
the joy of the prisoners was almost overwhelming .
who 's hendering you . ''
lydia need not have been indebted to her uncle .
tom stood a moment , to gather his dismembered faculties .
`` something very much to the purpose of course .
and then she looked as if she had passed through a wasting illness .
in exposing his wife to the contempt of her own children , was so highly reprehensible .
and never tell the gang's secrets .
`` i do n't want any marks .
and her curiosity to know what he had to tell her .
but your arts and allurements may .
they had concealed a natural chasm which led under the rock .
if she felt that way , there was nothing for him to do but succumb .
she has two nieces of her own .
consequently it was an extremely satisfactory one .
and which .
tried to amuse himself with a fly but found no relief .
`` my mother would have had no objection , but my father hates london . ''
`` well , all right , '' said huckleberry , `` it 's a trade . ''
and she said .
mr. gardiner expressed a wish of going round the whole park , but feared it might be beyond a walk .
she saw that he wanted to engage her on the old subject of his grievances .
as a clergyman .
did you , on reading it , give any credit to its contents ? ''
at best , and he more than half envied jimmy hodges , so lately released .
inmates of the same house , sharing the same amusements , objects of the same parental care .
glancing at each new opening , to see if there was anything familiar about the look of it .
tom had no handkerchief , and he looked upon boys who had as snobs .
but do not be cast down .
and once gone , she hoped there could be nothing more to plague her on his account .
she was a woman of mean understanding , little information , and uncertain temper .
recollecting herself , .
but they were now necessary , and she assured him with some confusion , of her attachment to mr. darcy .
oh , brother , how kind you are !
till the latter walked away from her .
as they were walking together in the shrubbery the next day .
in revolving lady catherine 's expressions .
that ai n't the way it is in the book .
`` i am astonished .
it soothed .
and peep over your shoulder all of a sudden and grit their teeth , the way a ghost does .
every day added something to their knowledge of the officers ' names and connections .
even when his aunt came in , but would sit perfectly still till she asked who did the mischief .
they tried to estimate how long they had been in the cave .
soon after mr. bennet withdrew to the library .
and upon elizabeth 's seeming really .
as for the gentleman himself .
for playing hookey the day before .
i had a rotten bad dream last night .
and devoted all his time to the care of the pemberley property .
whilst wandering on in this slow manner .
and she was eagerly calling out .
elizabeth merely curtseyed to him , without saying a word .
she put down the letter , weighed every circumstance with what she meant to be impartiality .
and drip a tear on it from their permanently impaired and leaky water-works .
and from such as had been already visible below .
this , then , was the `` revenge '' job !
but no footsteps .
`` the moon might come out at any moment . ''
`` and your defect is a propensity to hate every body . ''
`` why , the pirates . ''
it was some days .
ought to be economized in getting things ready for leaving .
rows of gawky big boys .
and you may be very certain that i shall avail myself of it as soon as possible . ''
and as they entered the house .
it was very monotonous .
or had they even been favourable .
all of them chiefs , of course .
there was something about aunt polly 's manner .
mr. darcy 's letter , she was in a fair way of soon knowing by heart .
and do you really love him quite well enough ?
she commissioned him .
and enabled to contribute to the recovery of her spirits , by all that affection could do .
`` what do i care for your big brother ?
had colonel forster seen denny himself ? ''
therefore , we may expect this peace-making gentleman , '' said mr. bennet , as he folded up the letter .
`` their conduct has been such .
in nine cases out of ten , a woman had better shew more affection than she feels .
it 's nobby fun .
tom divided the cake and becky ate with good appetite , while tom nibbled at his moiety .
`` believe me , my dear sir , my gratitude is warmly excited by such affectionate attention .
and as they always see each other in large mixed parties .
she begged to see .
took care to inform him at first .
who believed still less of it .
and then they set up a warwhoop of applause and said it was `` splendid ! ''
mrs. reynolds then directed their attention to one of miss darcy , drawn when she was only eight years old .
`` been deceived .
he never had to wash , nor put on clean clothes .
and our pipes .
and though i sometimes amuse myself with suggesting and arranging such
and from these tastes had arisen his principal enjoyments .
and were therefore in every respect entitled to think well of themselves , and meanly of others .
'' for nobody is on my side .
bingley , who wanted to be alone with jane , proposed their all walking out .
least i do n't think i could . ''
he hid behind a great bowlder and fell to listening .
she had spent six weeks with great enjoyment .
he wondered what boat it was , and why she did not stop at the wharf .
danced every dance .
the half-breed stood looking after him .
we 'll keep them there all the time , and we 'll hold our orgies there , too .
wiping his eyes with his sleeve .
elizabeth .
at brighton she will be of less importance even as a common flirt than she has been here .
my dear aunt , how could you think of it ?
`` how can you talk so ? `` .
it was not dark , yet .
the air was thick with paper wads and the murmur of scufflings .
instead of the expected summons .
sometimes separately , sometimes together , and now and then accompanied by their aunt .
( for through their communication with the collinses .
brothers and never separate till death relieved them of their troubles .
too late .
`` i can much more easily believe mr. bingley 's being imposed on .
kitty , i have at last learnt to be cautious , and you will feel the effects of it .
once more she ventured .
and tom and joe could not keep back thoughts of certain persons at
may live many years longer .
elizabeth was far from suspecting that she was herself becoming an
and such as , upon the whole , i hope will give you satisfaction .
and written with all the solemnity of gratitude which a twelvemonth 's abode in the family might have prompted .
they passed by the old welshman 's house .
`` then art thou indeed that famous outlaw ?
she is not acting by design .
people to be met with in the country as in town .
you never dropt a word of this .
mrs. gardiner 's caution to elizabeth was punctually and kindly given
said sally rogers .
yourn 'll come through the bars , but mine 's too big .
the silences widened .
then made their spliced kite-strings fast and moved on .
exclaimed the old man .
that he should even speak to her was amazing ! .
and reflected how materially the credit of both must be hurt by such impropriety of conduct .
nature lay in a trance that was broken by no sound but the occasional far-off hammering of a wood-pecker .
atone for those casual errors .
and then said : `` you turn your face away so you ca n't see , and then i will .
and his kind intention of christening , marrying , and burying his parishioners whenever it were required .
weak but vastly relieved , and stared after them through the chinks between the logs of the house .
and a positive engagement made of his meeting some of the gentlemen at pemberley by noon .
without feeling that she had been blind , partial , prejudiced , absurd .
nay , which has already arisen from it , i am sure you would judge differently in the affair . ''
miss bingley is to live with her brother and keep his house .
she thought of his regard with a deeper sentiment of gratitude than it had ever raised before .
'' she added , `` i shall insist on their giving one also .
and i 've got to do some of my duty by him .
how soon any other wishes introduced themselves i can hardly tell .
laying there asleep , that i thought i went and leaned over and kissed you on the lips . ''
the choir always tittered and whispered all through service .
lively now !
and the attachment of the sisters was exactly what darcy had hoped to see .
i hate you ! ''
the master sat throned in his great chair upon a raised platform , with his blackboard behind him .
many a time i 've looked at people smoking , and thought well i wish i could do that .
yes.. do let the portraits of your uncle and aunt philips be placed in the gallery at pemberley .
after breakfast they went whooping and prancing out on the bar .
in accepting a man whose sisters and friends are all wishing him to marry elsewhere ? ''
`` to-morrow fortnight . ''
to his wife he was very little otherwise indebted .
a ghastly stage-fright seized him , his legs quaked under him and he was like to choke .
`` liquor ! .
`` it is particularly incumbent on those who never change their opinion .
i 'm glad your dreams could take even that much trouble about us . ''
the girl i 'm going to marry wo n't fight . ''
but .
i have suspected it some time , but i am now convinced . ''
`` and may i ask ? ''
and the respect which he felt for her high rank .
`` huckleberry finn .
tom winced , and dropped his eyes .
now , seriously , what have you ever known of self-denial and dependence ?
that he wore a blue coat and rode a black horse .
a ha'nted house is the best , but they 're all ripped up now . ''
and though such a solicitation must be waved for the present .
i can recal nothing worse .
`` that you should not be able to see your friends before they leave the country .
where it shall be my earnest endeavour to demean myself with grateful respect towards her ladyship .
mr. bennet was so odd a mixture of quick parts .
they came back to camp wonderfully refreshed , glad-hearted , and ravenous .
elizabeth .
: but he was in such a hurry to be gone .
so he tried twice more .
then she stopped .
and tom slipped overboard and swam ashore in the dusk .
mr. collins attending them to point out its beauties .
by an article of news , which then began to be in circulation .
and i 'll go to every circus that comes along .
through tangled underbrush .
and she 'll be awful glad to have us . ''
he was a robber . ''
huck jumped for a hiding-place , for he had no mind to be connected even remotely with the late event .
that the probability of their marriage was exceedingly agreeable to her .
`` where 'd you get the blue ticket ? ''
and aunt polly was retiring from the field with a slipper in her hand and triumph in her eye .
i can safely say , that every advance to intimacy began on her side .
a gory knife had been found close to the murdered man .
so much in love as to wish to marry her in spite of all
they gradually ascended for half a mile .
and to prevent its ever happening again .
and nothing but the belief of your being a party concerned .
the procession moved along the main avenue some three-quarters of a mile .
and even in spite of mrs. philips ' throwing up the parlour window , and loudly seconding the invitation .
i promised them so faithfully !
`` i bleeve it 's down at 'tother end .
tom pretending to resist in earnest but letting his hand slip by
elizabeth could safely say that it was a great happiness where that was the case .
you must not expect such girls to have the sense of their father and mother.. when they get
`` yes .
lizzy , my dear , run down to your father , and ask him how much he will give her .
i hope he will overlook it .
i am most thankful that the discovery is made in time for me to pay my respects to him .
darcy . ''
`` mama .
after breakfast .
three or four days , now , but i ca n't walk more ' n a mile , tom .
acknowledged , with the liveliest emotion , that she was the happiest creature in the world .
and bring back a supply of clothes .
'' from that knowledge of what the manners of the great really are .
and made a show of being confident of finding the searchers or an escape from the cave .
looked it over critically , shook his head , muttered something to himself , and then began to use it .
had , in the slow-dragging ages , formed a laced and ruffled niagara in gleaming and imperishable stone .
the evening conversation .
who was complimenting mr. bingley and his sisters on the elegance of their entertainment .
`` so would i. but robbers do n't do that way .
and a ball was at any rate , a ball .
and therefore it will not signify to anybody here , what he really is .
but that ai n't the way bob tanner done . ''
`` poor '' .
and he was happy to say had accepted a commission in their corps .
and his rights as a rector , made him altogether a mixture of pride and obsequiousness , self-importance and humility .
and his account of the real .
it 's bull harbison . ''
the suspicions which had just arisen of mr. darcy and their niece .
i would advise you merely to put on whatever of your clothes is superior to the rest .
and they prevented her feeling herself so much an intruder as she believed she was considered by the others .
timid and hopeless .
`` from what we have seen of him .
they did not attempt to oppose it .
the thought filled him with bodings .
willie mufferson , taking as heedful care of his mother as if she were cut glass .
and the ladies all felt that he must add considerably to the pleasure of their engagements at rosings .
the widow 's gratitude for her preservation was outspoken .
and others of the regiment , who treated her with more distinction , again became her favourites . ''
they were jubilant with vanity over their new grandeur and the illustrious trouble they were making .
miss lucas .
no less conspicuous was injun joe , stolid as ever .
after sitting a little while with jane .
he drew a chair near her .
the insipidity and yet the noise .
with barefaced questions , ingenious suppositions , and distant surmises .
he studies too much for words of four syllables.. do not you , darcy ? ''
he was crying .
she was humbled , she was grieved .
and her neighbours at lucas lodge .
but perhaps not the more easily kept .
`` oh , most anywhere . ''
some boards were soon uncovered and removed .
to which you .
and is quite ignorant of the circumstances which have principally offended mr. darcy .
but circumstances are such .
the whole of what elizabeth had already heard .
who gave lydia the feelings which would have attended herself .
as the sun began to sink into the west they took their way homeward athwart the long
which the good humour , and common politeness of bingley , in half an hour 's visit , had revived .
and who knows what may happen ?
with them he is remarkably agreeable . ''
calling on miss lucas for her compassion .
with the skull and crossbones on it .
stuck a pin in another boy , presently , in order to hear him say `` ouch ! ''
yes , he had no engagement at all for to-morrow .
if you say so .
did i do it ?
i know she would ! ''
she would not give him time to reply .
and , of course , i could not rest till i knew the particulars .
`` when i do myself the honour of speaking to you next on this subject
mr. darcy seemed much pleased with the attention .
thoughtless , thoughtless lydia ! ''
. ``
during this time of sorrow .
ma'am .
then he remembered that the widow douglas had been kind to him more than once .
or five miles , or whatever it is , above her ancles in dirt , and alone , quite alone !
but her spirits returned as she considered that jane would no longer be duped , by the sister at least .
and gave most gracious smiles , especially when any dish on the table proved a novelty to them .
i shall see her in january .
the deep baying of a hound floated up out of the distance , an owl answered with his sepulchral note .
because she saw that the suspicions of the whole party were awakened against them .
and shall probably trespass on your hospitality till the saturday se'night following .
and the one whom they could most trust , should comprehend all her fears and solicitude on the subject .
`` why , ai n't that work ? ''
and tom said , `` where this arrow falls , there bury poor robin hood under the greenwood tree . ''
there was no one , whose knowledge of a sister's frailty would have mortified her so much .
but it must be done soon . ''
because breakfast will be ready as soon as the sun 's up .
made her sister a slight answer , and in compassion to her nieces turned the conversation .
they went to the library .
`` did you speak from your own observation .
that in order to make a man or a boy covet a thing .
and so he presently found himself leaning to the impression that the thing might not have been a dream .
my fair cousin , and i flatter myself it will not sink me in your esteem .
that your fair partner does not disgrace you .
joe next , and huck , a ruin of drooping rags , sneaking sheepishly in the rear !
and lydia , self-willed and careless , would scarcely give them a hearing .
i knew it myself .
what a contrast between him and his friend !
after a short silence , the lady first spoke .
`` write to me very often , my dear . ''
`` your 's sincerely .
than hurrying into the little copse .
but col. and mrs. forster .
if they put our candles out it will be an awful fix .
what he told me was merely this .
she was soon able to make a voluntary transition to the oddities of her cousin .
almost a week after the gentlemen 's arrival .
where is your sash my dear ? ''
and this would help him to understand why constructing artificial flowers or performing on a tread-mill is work .
i wonder who first discovered the efficacy of poetry in driving away love ! ''
the children were not there .
she returned directly to jane .
his eyes had been soon and repeatedly turned towards them with a look of curiosity .
let us hope for better things .
`` it was very kind , even though it was only a. dream , '' sid soliloquized just audibly .
as for myself .
he 's on my side of the line . ''
or stain which he could press to his heart and know for a friend .
only if you get married i 'll be more lonesomer than ever . ''
a military life is not what i was intended for , but circumstances have now made it eligible .
by his wife at least , if not by himself , such a hope was cherished .
that they did not once sit down to a family dinner .
it was a rational scheme to be sure !
mr. gardiner himself did not expect any success from this measure .
and to fret over unavoidable evils , or augment them by anxiety , was no part of her disposition .
ting-a-ling-ling !
`` because i loved you so , and you laid there moaning and i was so sorry . ''
do n't talk . ''
`` oh !
to mr. and mrs. gardiner he was scarcely a less interesting personage than to herself .
that her sentiments had undergone so material a change .
he then went away .
was a wonder which introduced the discussion of their affairs .
there 's only one person in this town mean enough to do that , and that 's you .
i reckon my tom stayed at your house last night .
and quitting them both .
and her spirits were very differently affected .
but mrs. bennet .
had given him originally great humility of manner .
and be off with you to school , now , and don't bother me any more . ''
by-and-by , fatigue began to assert its claims .
after some further questioning , counsel for the prosecution said : `` take the witness . ''
do you pay no regard to the wishes of his friends ?
his favourite child .
he sat down and tried to seem gay , but it was up-hill work .
she might have seen how well the expression of heart-felt delight , diffused over his face , became him .
and unless you believe me actually married , you can not greatly err .
it was necessary to make this circumstance a matter of pleasure , because on such occasions it is the etiquette .
and so separated them from worldly matters .
they did not get sick enough to be seriously uncomfortable .
lydia 's intention of walking to meryton was not forgotten .
`` and mary king is safe ! ''
after her family , and looked and spoke with the same good-humoured ease that he had ever done .
presently he bethought him of a treasure he had and got it out .
if she 'll let up on some of the roughest things .
and she sat in misery till mr. darcy appeared again .
as in reading her own .
but jane and elizabeth .
and , concluding that she came to call them to their mother , went forward to meet her .
saying .
he opened his jacket .
as i have often told her .
and never regret having driven her poor boy out into the unfeeling world to suffer and die .
whispers passed along , and a boding uneasiness took possession of every countenance .
i was afraid of doing too much .
it is every way horrible ! ''
mrs. bennet 's schemes for this day were ineffectual .
mrs. bennet wished to understand by it that he thought of paying his addresses to one of her younger girls .
three miles below town the ferryboat stopped at the mouth of a woody hollow and tied up .
and had left him only on learning that the ladies of the family intended a visit to georgiana that morning .
`` never a solitary word , so help me .
there will be some little money .
in which there is certainly some ingenuity .
in seeing him almost for the first time after receiving his explanatory letter .
and painfully scrawled these lines .
i do n't want to make you feel bad .
when i read a letter of his .
the invitation was accepted of course .
how can they suit each other ? .
`` well .
the peril was desperate .
when she was only fifteen .
he danced only four dances !
crossing the road .
shortly tom came upon the juvenile pariah of the village , huckleberry finn , son of the town drunkard .
a circling wall of oiled and simpering admirers , till the last girl had run their gantlet .
elizabeth had the satisfaction of seeing her father taking pains to get acquainted with him .
health .
`` blame it , i do n't like ha'nted houses , tom .
`` tom , '' said he , `` auntie has been waiting for you all the afternoon .
i can now say with the housekeeper .
but jane with all possible mildness declined interfering.. and elizabeth sometimes with
there was a garret above , pierced with a scuttle over his head .
he was not yet satisfactory .
which will .
mrs. hurst thought the same .
she liked him too little to care for his approbation .
by-and-by tom took becky 's candle and blew it out .
his abominable pride .
and her hope of seeing him in the course of the day .
my total ignorance of the connection must plead my apology . ''
that on both sides , we meet only as common and indifferent acquaintance . ''
that my niece is very desirous of seeing you all , before she leaves the south .
they 're always beautiful and rich , and awfully scared .
and i do not think it of light importance that he should have attentive and conciliatory manners towards every body .
they will have nothing else to do . ''
and from knowing them to have been together the whole of last summer . ''
could readily answer .
on finding how steadfastly both she and her uncle had been
because you have always so much . ''
she felt all the force of the compliment .
and some one asked him ironically if he would n't like to go to the cave again .
that when she went away , i was perfectly resolved to continue the acquaintance no longer .
shire , and of his being gone into the regulars .
he knew the model boy very well though .
and let this be a warning to you . ''
and he can thrash you with his little finger , and i 'll make him do it , too . ''
he sallied out to find joe harper , but failed of success .
for no fish had ever seemed so delicious before .
that i had better not meet mr. darcy.. that to be in the same room .
his anxiety for jane was evident .
leastways all but the nigger .
he was sufficiently touched by his aunt 's grief to long to
and mr. bennet .
`` what an excellent father you have , girls , '' said she , when the door was shut .
but self , though it would intrude , could not engross her .
if he had n't run out of whitewash he would have bankrupted every boy in the village .
they were satisfactory , and the property changed hands .
now , to hear exciting talk , and tom had some that would interest him , he thought .
as lady catherine very much objected to be kept waiting for her dinner.. such formidable accounts of her ladyship .
a line down the middle of it from top to bottom .
he addressed the mother in these words .
fateful grip closing on his ear , and a steady lifting impulse .
their brother is a pleasant gentleman-like man .
tom .
i do n't know about that .
my kind friends will not hear of my returning home till i am better .
i could n't stand such a thing as that , tom .
my dear caroline , i dare say , but it would not be near so much like a ball . ''
the younger girls formed hopes of coming out a year or two sooner than they might otherwise have done .
at last he rose up sighing and departed in the darkness .
the first of all the negro minstrel shows came to town , and made a sensation .
if i could but see you as happy !
i am so pleased .
i am sick of them all .
`` well i will , if you fool with me . ''
and what can he mean by apologizing for being next in the entail ? .
there was finally a waiting pause .
then the order followed : `` now , sir , go and sit with the girls !
and tom almost brightened in the hope that he was going to be flogged .
especially on lydia 's side , but nothing to give him any alarm .
somebody pinched his arm .
i 'd nearly forgot .
mr. darcy took her advice , and did finish his letter .
i 'd a bet anything it was a stray dog . ''
she related to her the next morning the chief of the scene between mr. darcy and herself .
it would be highly expedient that both he and his wife should make their appearance at st. james 's .
no .
she will be down in a moment i dare say . ''
`` oh !
unless charlotte lucas should happen to call in , and i hope my dinners are good enough for her .
from group to group , from house to house , with little less than telegraphic speed .
but i believe in about half an hour after i had seen you . ''
a relation of events .
you both did as much as you could , in planning the marriage .
sick of this folly , took refuge in her own room , that she might think with freedom .
`` go , my dear , '' cried her mother , `` and shew her ladyship about the different walks .
in what a disgraceful light might it not strike so vain a man !
and always after this .
look out , he 's turning !
mrs. philips was quite awed by such an excess of good breeding .
subsided to his stomach with the beetle between his paws , and continued his experiments .
it mortifies me .
widely different was the effect of a second perusal.. how could she deny that credit to his assertions .
and down through this scuttle came a cat , suspended around the haunches by a string .
`` how very ill eliza bennet looks this morning , mr. darcy , '' she cried .
she could not be insensible to the compliment of such a man 's affection .
`` oh ! ''
`` indeed i could not .
the town where she had formerly passed some years of her life .
and mr. bingley thought her quite beautiful , and danced with her twice .
in consequence of an agreement between the sisters .
none were to be compared with the prospect of rosings .
darcy was not of a disposition in which happiness overflows in mirth .
'' said he .
but as she reached the door , it was opened by a servant , and mr. darcy appeared .
good friendly faces .
lady-bug .
oh !
he canvassed his system .
`` aha !
`` yes , they will !
`` i know little of the game .
for he held curls to be effeminate , and his own filled his life with bitterness . ]
for he would certainly think the better of me .
unless you looked up to him as a superior .
i hope you will be satisfied with what i have done .
when the young men were gone , the old welshman said : `` they wo n't tell .
would take an early opportunity of waiting on them .
sir , '' cried elizabeth , `` your hope is rather an extraordinary one after my declaration .
and blazed away at the place where the rustling was .
full of eligibility and suitableness , and excessively generous and disinterested on his own part .
the switch hovered in the air .
but it was stricken dead upon her lips , and a groan followed it .
he should be particularly happy at any time .
to keep and have it all for my own , always .
her curiosity however was unexpectedly relieved .
`` it does seem .
after the pause of half a minute began another .
`` i bet you do n't .
by visiting about with her daughter , and having very frequent parties at home .
* and [ * southwestern for `` afternoon '' ] i 'll just be obleeged to make him work .
sir . ''
and besides , 'twould n't do any good .
then tom girded up his loins .
`` say , tom , did you see that box ? ''
`` say , tom , let 's give this place up , and try somewheres else . ''
it must be very peaceful .
`` well .
which i can not wonder at , since he might have chosen so much more advantageously in many respects .
stand by to meet her when she comes !
that her reputation is no less brittle than it is beautiful , .
could attempt little beside expressions of gratitude for the extraordinary kindness she was treated with .
most a dollar a day , ben rogers says .
can his most intimate friends be so excessively deceived in him ?
`` they 'll miss us and hunt for us ! ''
elizabeth had settled it that mr. darcy would bring his sister to visit her .
how earnestly did she then wish that her former opinions had been more reasonable , her expressions more moderate !
joe harassed him awhile , and then he got away and crossed back again .
`` and of your infliction , '' cried elizabeth with energy .
her coming there was the most unfortunate , the most ill-judged thing in the world !
stand a litter furder west .
`` but how did he account for it ? ''
`` that you certainly shall . ''
`` he did n't stay with us , '' said mrs. harper , beginning to look uneasy .
elizabeth now began to revive .
by the grandeur surrounding him .
this he considered sufficient encouragement .
and miss bingley was left to all the satisfaction of having forced
`` i do n't like to stir 'em up , either .
and after various conjectures .
he easily guessed his way to the truth .
in consequence of being the only plain one in the family .
the master always prepared himself for great occasions by getting pretty well fuddled .
this was that stranger 's voice .
the hint of a hope that she might be prevailed on to favour them again .
i 'll take care of you . ''
i never. ``
`` no , nothing at all . ''
and the mournful sound seemed in keeping with the musing hush that lay upon nature .
it was then disclosed in the following manner .
of new books and music , that elizabeth had never been half so well entertained in that room before .
change of scene might be of service .
i believe .
`` much more rational .
`` and so it was !
but there was not time for her even to mention his name as they went .
you ca n't do any but mean things .
`` my !
if true .
`` i will make no promise of the kind . ''
tom quailed .
but i mean you 'd just see 'em .
i am a gentleman 's daughter .
they can only wish his happiness .
however .
and jane has written to beg my uncle's immediate assistance .
small comforts through to the `` murderer '' as he could get hold of .
also wednesday .
elizabeth feeling all the more than common awkwardness and anxiety of his situation , now forced herself to speak .
and was confident at last .
protested he must be entirely mistaken .
which .
tom appeared on the sidewalk with a bucket of whitewash and a long-handled brush .
`` you .
injun joe was believed to have killed five citizens of the village , but what of that ?
and she felt the necessity of appearing more like herself .
in the presence of her victim , a bird .
her disappointment in charlotte made her turn with fonder regard to her sister .
it is settled between us already , that we are to be the happiest couple in the world .
sighed at the perverseness of those feelings which would now have promoted its continuance .
the deaf and dumb man said all that ! ''
to fetch his master and mistress home , instantly .
`` you mean to frighten me , mr. darcy , by coming in all this state to hear me ?
and finally .
gave his bow into his feeble hands .
and i particularly recollect your saying one night .
`` in such cases as this .
took the first opportunity of saying , with sneering civility , `` pray , miss eliza , are not the .
i am only resolved to act in that manner .
what will wickham say ?
yes .
the time fixed for the beginning of their northern tour was now fast approaching .
and loathed him .
and she made him promise that when the awful time came .
but presently it began to flag a trifle , and grow disjointed .
`` your picture may be very exact , louisa , '' said bingley .
he thought .
panting .
'' unhappy as the event must be for lydia , we may draw from it this useful lesson .
who with some of the lucases and two or three officers
bringing water from the town pump had always been hateful work in tom 's eyes .
from that moment i observed my friend 's behaviour attentively .
finally his bare foot rested upon it .
now that he was distinguished , maybe she would be wanting to `` make up . ''
of his former way of life , nothing had been known in hertfordshire but what he told himself .
when the dancing recommenced .
nobody went to bed again .
`` elizabeth , you are not serious now . ''
the truth was .
my feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them .
if my vanity had taken a musical turn .
the party then gathered round the fire to hear lady catherine
the same sign .
or that came in the shape of a lover to any of them .
elizabeth was distressed .
come along , huck , we 've been in here a long time .
then her conscience reproached her , and she yearned to say something kind and loving .
he added .
sir , that i have no pretension whatever to that kind of elegance which consists in tormenting a respectable man .
i defy even sir william lucas himself , to produce a more valuable son-in-law . ''
tom tried one or two other seductions .
and who was its proprietor .
and elizabeth would not quit her at all .
`` about huck tracking the robbers to the widow 's .
you may possibly wonder why all this was not told you last night .
and a fortnight only was wanting of it .
he said to himself that he would not speak a word .
i knew that mr. wickham ought not to be a clergyman .
at least among the smaller pupils .
for knowledge is worth more than anything there is in the world .
of what are you thinking ?
this information .
presently the gay throng filed up the main street laden with provision-baskets .
when that business was over , he applied to miss bingley and elizabeth for the indulgence of some music .
you must give me leave to judge for myself , and pay me the compliment of believing what i say .
do n't groan so , tom , it 's awful .
to all the objections i have already urged , i have still another to add .
and the mere stateliness of money and rank , she thought she could witness without trepidation .
when the sermon was finished .
`` and i am persuaded that when sanctioned by the express authority of both your excellent parents .
down one of the passages on his hands and knees .
`` well then , how you going to find the marks ? ''
`` no .
or the spot , or the look , or the words , which laid the foundation .
and were gaped at and envied by all the rest .
they saw much to interest , but nothing to justify enquiry .
he readily assured her of his secrecy .
allowing something for fortune and figure . ''
of atonement .
better ' n you look .
i 'll learn him ! ''
all was joy and kindness .
she seems perfectly happy .
it was reasonable that he should feel he had been wrong .
which her fancy told her she still possessed , of bringing on the renewal of his addresses .
and their raptures continued with little intermission to the very day of lydia 's leaving home .
and be handed down to posterity with all the eclat of a proverb . ''
he flew along unfrequented alleys , and shortly found himself at his aunt 's back fence .
where she had perfectly approved all the alterations he had been making .
`` i 'm going to buy a new drum .
with two or three other gentlemen from the house .
she had ventured only one glance at darcy .
then slackened his pace , fearing he was gaining too fast .
she should think herself very ill used .
he paused a moment .
oh , lordy , lordy , lordy , i wisht i only had half your chance . ''
persuade .
she replied , endeavouring to recover herself .
who would willingly have gone through the world without believing that
as there is reason to fear that the performance would reflect no credit on either . ''
but .
blessed are the poor in spirit , for theirs is the kingdom of heaven .
and her being the sister of jane .
i might a been good , like sid , if i 'd a tried .
mrs. thatcher shook her head feebly and turned paler than ever .
kitty simpered and smiled , and hoped her turn was coming soon .
it was , on the contrary , exactly calculated to make her understand her own wishes .
i believe .
mr. collins returned into hertfordshire soon after it had been quitted by the gardiners and jane .
finally a spade struck upon the coffin with a dull woody accent .
she endeavoured in her answer to put an end to every intreaty and expectation of the kind .
`` well , becky ? ''
`` miss bingley told me .
i think i have heard you say that you know them . ''
by the servant 's account .
it seemed to him an age since he was there before .
i do not think it is very pretty .
but this step ( and let us rejoice over it ) marks nothing bad at heart .
tom was snuffling , now , himself .
my fingers wait your orders . ''
and then stepped quickly but cautiously along .
next a dim suspicion came and went .
for such things i know are all chance in this world .
pictures and things , you know , that do n't seem to mean anything . ''
perhaps he thought her too young .
his resentment was in proportion to the distress of his circumstances .
`` and will you promise me , never to enter into such an engagement ? ''
we must forget it ourselves .
pushed his head and shoulders through a small hole , and saw the broad mississippi rolling by !
and she told me that it was certain true .
`` how hard it is in some cases to be believed ! ''
and represent to her the imprudence of encouraging such an attachment .
and when it was ultimately decided who did see the departed last .
they 've just come back . ''
she roused up .
though not very fluently .
you could have come over and give me a hint some way that you war n't dead .
her other sister .
`` you have insulted me , in every possible method .
`` certainly , my dear , nobody said there were .
of what i felt .
the trouble vanished out of tom 's face .
he reached the shore finally , and drifted along till he found a low place and drew himself out .
what a turn you did give me ! ''
i have just as much right to be asked as she has .
i assure you , that i have long been most heartily ashamed of it . ''
but he said not a word .
he replied , `` and i have great pleasure in thinking you will be so happily settled .
and warmed himself in the sun of his own grandeur .
`` of mr. collins and lizzy .
sweetened with such a wildwood charm as that , would be a good enough substitute for coffee .
d'you reckon he knowed anything ? ''
their courage was up now and well in hand .
and finally gripping and struggling till the best man ducked his neighbor .
why did not you seek legal redress ? ''
the ferryboat ordered out .
that from what passed that evening .
`` you take and split the bean .
our coincidence of feeling was soon discovered .
and if he hit that dime only on the edge he would set down and cry .
mrs. gardiner gave her the particulars also of miss bingley 's visit in gracechurch-street .
`` do not move over this instrument in the masterly manner which i see so many women 's do .
who would be likely to know in what part of the town he has now concealed himself .
our poor mother is sadly grieved .
he described how he labored with her and convinced her .
i could n't meow that night , becuz auntie was watching me , but i 'll meow this time .
poor eliza ! .
an india-rubber ball .
i wo n't be gone only a a minute .
he wants nothing but a little more liveliness .
she paused .
before you take any .
`` why with so evident a design of offending and insulting me .
but the candle was soon knocked down or blown out .
less disposed to consider his house as her home when it suited her .
they triumphantly displayed a table set out with such cold meat as an inn larder usually affords .
`` i am sure i know none so handsome .
`` they 're humans !
i thank you for explaining it so fully .
but sir william 's allusion to his friend seemed to strike him forcibly .
but likewise by lady catherine and her daughter , to whom i have related the affair .
`` and me ? ''
to look out for it . ''
when her letter was finished .
oh , this is bully , you know .
the son of her late master 's steward .
and we can never expect her to do it with so little
he observed to her .
indeed , he does seem to have had some filial scruples on that head , as you will hear . ''
`` so much the better .
and with such measureless love in her words and her old trembling voice .
and sid was sitting by the woodbox , and mary next to him . ''
the agitations of former partiality entirely so .
but i 've seen such a beautiful country in my dream .
the stairs creaked faintly .
he was then , he said , on his way to longbourn on purpose to inquire after her .
he is gone to my father already .
i wish i could hear that you .
as her husband by no means entered into her scheme of their all going to newcastle .
we planned the union : and now .
but she was flattered and pleased .
`` by hokey , that 's so , tom ! ''
'twould help a good deal .
`` why , that door 's open , i believe .
injun joe sat up , stared around .
the fact is , that you were sick of civility , of deference , of officious attention .
that she would believe capable of such an attempt , till it were proved against them ?
she was a little revived , however , by his bringing back his coffee cup himself .
and you saw the old housekeeper , i suppose ?
oh !
tom believed that it must be wednesday or thursday or even friday or saturday .
much offended .
and .
and recollected their last lively scene in hunsford parsonage .
her daughter , and mrs. jenkinson were sitting.. her ladyship , with great condescension , arose to receive them .
every body was surprised .
the sum amounted to a little over twelve thousand dollars .
her love of solitary walks , and her opinion of mr. and mrs. collins 's happiness .
`` there is .
you ought certainly to forgive them as a christian .
his words seemed to imply it .
`` but it is wholly out of my power .
lots of times .
the restful quiet .
presently it occurred to him that he wished he was sick .
but there war n't any other place as handy after that fool of a job .
it 's just too good to believe , but we have got it , sure !
it was in a paper .
that's the general way .
so destructive of all hope to non-presbyterians that it took the first prize .
so little liked her going .
by the author of `` sense and sensibility . ''
but .
but , whatever may be their own wishes , it is very unlikely they should have opposed their brother 's .
mrs. bennet chose to consider it as given in compliment to her eldest daughter .
the spectacle took the general breath away .
`` i am not a great reader , and i have pleasure in many things . ''
my dear .
`` dear lizzy ! ''
the bats chased the children a good distance .
and turning towards her .
till at last the whole company broke down and joined the weeping mourners in a chorus of anguished sobs .
the reason of this sudden removal was soon evident .
i 'm going in a-swimming , i am .
till catching her eye , he withdrew his own and coldly said , '' she is tolerable .
and she wished she had n't whipped him for taking cream when she 'd throwed it out her own self. ``
no .
two of the children always remained for the sermon voluntarily , and the other always remained too .
and lydia , always unguarded and often uncivil , boisterously exclaimed , `` good lord !
ca n't learn an old dog new tricks , as the saying is .
if he did shrug his shoulders , it was not till sir william was out of sight .
he hit the landing on the other side neatly , for this was a familiar bit of work to him .
and facing potter , with his nose pointing heavenward .
who had only been withheld by the fear of giving alarm or inconvenience .
can i speak plainer ?
and nothing less than a very smart bonnet indeed .
that the number of compositions in which the word `` beauteous '' was over-fondled .
this staggered huck for a moment .
`` i can readily believe .
so imprudent a match on both sides ! .
joe had not had time to get impatient before they were back again with some handsome bass .
at the funeral as they could have had at the hanging .
too .
`` my dearest lizzy will .
and he said to himself that he wished he could be that child , if it was a tame lion .
well , he is a very undeserving young man .
there was a small log raft there which they meant to capture .
so much in love with her .
joe caught at the idea and said he would like to try , too .
`` for mrs. long has just been here , and she told me all about it . ''
without a governess you must have been neglected . ''
and `` thousands '' were mere fanciful forms of speech .
`` and that i suppose is one of your sisters . ''
he can be a conversible companion if he thinks it worth his while .
`` that 's so .
mainly from rage .
`` why , you two was scuffling , and he fetched you one with the headboard and you fell flat .
`` well , i ai n't used to that kind of a crowd .
my opinion of all parties was confirmed .
conjectures as to the meaning of it , rapid and wild , hurried into her brain .
in any of those pleasures which too often console the unfortunate for their folly or their vice .
nay .
it was the sleepiest of sleepy days .
this is your final resolve !
when troy fell .
that 's just like a girl .
he crept down the bank .
`` no !
`` if you were aware .
and johnny told jim hollis .
elizabeth was at no loss to understand from whence this deference for her authority proceeded .
but with such a father and mother .
but she had chosen it with her eyes open .
you know .
absorbed himself in it at times when no classes were reciting .
`` yes , sir .
as their own carriage had not fetched them .
but otherwise i see no occasion for entailing estates from the female line.. it was
`` tom , have you got on the track of that money again ? ''
sid yawned .
`` mr. darcy , you see , is the man !
it is a relation which you tell me is to give you great surprise .
nobody will get lost in that cave any more . ''
and i come before daylight becuz i didn't want to run across them devils .
convinced as elizabeth now was that miss bingley 's dislike of her had originated in jealousy .
i am perfectly satisfied .
`` do n't keep coughing so , kitty , for heaven 's sake !
she seldom went away without leaving them more dispirited than she found them .
he expressed no regret for what he had done which satisfied her .
he made her an offer in this very room , and she refused him .
when alone with elizabeth afterwards , she spoke more on the subject .
and the influence of his friends successfully combated by the more natural influence of jane's attractions .
when tom awoke , sid was dressed and gone .
and it is the first time we have ever had any thing from him , except a few presents .
he had immediately found out his brother , and persuaded him to come to gracechurch street .
blessed be the name of the lord !
`` say .
or on the length of his letter .
and situation in life .
the express was sent off directly .
and her spirits were in a state for enjoyment .
visitors in the house while her health was so indifferent .
why .
till she has seen me , for she does not know which are the best warehouses .
my dear charlotte , .
the welshman said huck had good spots in him .
with a closed hymn-book in his hand and his forefinger inserted between its leaves , and commanded attention .
`` but how could that be ? .
tom felt happy in his success , for he knew it was the boat 's last trip for the night .
no longer ago than yesterday noon .
there was another reason too for her opposition .
and mr. bennet could have no hesitation in acceding to the proposal before him .
sh't !
ah .
constitute my happiness , without reference to you , or to any person so wholly unconnected with me . ''
it sounds splendid , do n't it , huck ? ''
oh , tom , do n't !
she could not think without anger .
you must write again very soon , and praise him a great deal more than you did in your last .
how can mr. bingley .
his belt bristling with horse-pistols .
she would have sacrificed every better feeling to worldly advantage .
he hunted up jim hollis .
it will be safest for you .
in his blighted condition .
every time i let him off .
that broke up the meeting .
`` if we thought alike of miss bingley .
every body declared that he was the wickedest young man in the world .
he bore it with noble indifference .
there chanced to be a little alteration .
and the resolution of repressing such reflections as must make her unfit for conversation .
i shall never forget her appearance this morning .
his marriage was now fast approaching .
and as he thought the circumstance of a gentleman and lady 's removing from one carriage into another .
that whether married or single , he must always be her model of the amiable and pleasing .
`` that is all settled . ''
it is of all subjects my delight .
the fickle .
in delivering the prize to the author of it .
let me recommend you , however , as a friend , not to give implicit confidence to all his assertions .
`` i know not .
unless any could attach to the implicitness of his confidence in his friend .
he entered the church .
and she could do nothing but think .
nothing could console and nothing appease her.. nor did that day wear out her resentment .
because there ai n't any way out of it . ''
mrs. philips was always glad to see her nieces .
and that one 's lost .
and thus armed with death .
everything wore a happier aspect .
and the valley .
and when her enquiries after rosings were made , seemed in danger of sinking into total silence .
`` any fool knows that .
the difference .
and after some contrivance .
do not imagine , miss bennet , that your ambition will ever be gratified .
and dying , some time , of cold and want and grief .
and mr. and mrs. gardiner , with their four children , did at length appear at longbourn .
tom could lift it , after an awkward fashion , but could not carry it conveniently .
and as confirming all his first disapprobation .
`` looking as unconcerned as may be .
she had a rag tied about her head and jaws to keep her from mewing .
`` oh , judge , injun joe 's in the cave ! ''
tom got down on his knees and felt below .
or offended that his letter was not rather addressed to herself .
and though they were at one time left by themselves for half an hour .
the old lady reached out her hand and felt tom 's shirt .
' i used to mend all the boys ' kites and things .
and perhaps i can not say that i have experienced many hardships of that nature .
the old lady could not hide a tremor in her voice when she said : `` kiss me again .
though every glance convinced her of what she dreaded .
and was so much delighted with it that he agreed with mr. morris immediately .
`` i am more likely to want time than courage , elizabeth .
one , whom his father had promised to provide for.. it is impossible .
who does he mean ? ''
do n't cry , becky , i do n't care for her any more . ''
she was confident of having performed her duty .
will not take the trouble of checking her exuberant spirits .
and when the middle of the afternoon came .
nothing occurred between them that could justify the hopes of his sister .
i know something that 's going to happen .
tom .
think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure . ''
anybody 'll tell you so .
`` oh , tom !
and i find that the young man forgot to tell you .
`` i do not mind his not talking to mrs. long .
and their father has not so good an income as your's.. do you draw ? ''
and the instant the `` amen '' was out the fly was a prisoner of war .
for she is very ill indeed .
`` did you kiss me , tom ? ''
the very thought of it burnt him like fire .
it 's on her land . ''
elizabeth could not see lady catherine without recollecting .
and by her connivance and aid .
was now high in her good graces .
and , on the father 's , from respectable , honourable , and ancient , though untitled families .
said to darcy .
by sir william lucas 's accidental information .
`` i wonder what makes the bread do that . ''
tom dodged hither and thither through lanes until he was well out of the track of returning scholars .
it was all conjecture . ''
with such a companion .
the certain evils of such a choice.. i described .
tom was suffering in reality .
the handsomest young lady that ever was seen .
with a more stunning suddenness from huck 's blanched lips .
he could get up no exultation that was really worthy the name .
her daughters listened in silence to this effusion .
she was wild to be at home .
i told my sister philips so the other day .
how acutely did she now feel it .
and there was no necessity for such attention .
he thought too well of himself to comprehend on what motive his cousin could refuse him .
`` no , i hai n't .
but he did not think it was upright in him to carry it off .
for he knew who would wait for him outside till his captivity was done .
`` i am afraid you have been long desiring my absence .
to pump on your head , did you ?
and which he thought the prettiest ?
he threw his entire attention upon his work .
fate in terms as unreasonable as her accent was peevish .
said he .
mrs. thatcher was very ill , and a great part of the time delirious .
so he went to the beetle and began a wary attack on it again .
was as foolish as his wife , and more foolish than his daughter !
`` good gracious ! ''
and it was thrust before him by the sheriff .
at last she said : `` oh .
and she soon felt that even her vanity was insufficient .
she came at once upon a handsomely engraved and colored frontispiece .
tom ran out of doors .
now trust me .
though she could not look .
and away in the future come back a great chief .
a clergyman like you must marry.. chuse properly , chuse a gentlewoman for my sake .
she was then proceeding to all the particulars of calico .
the scene of mrs. gardiner's former residence .
`` who can it be ? ''
`` by jings , that 'll be gay , tom !
mr. denny and mr. wickham walked with the young ladies to the door of mr. philips 's house .
the sanguine hope of good .
my watchfulness has been effectual .
whatever he said , was said well .
be so kind as to apologize for us to miss darcy .
and he held sacred things and places in such reverence .
she said to a girl almost at tom 's elbow .
`` i can not comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as these . ''
she saw herself seated beneath a tent , tenderly flirting with at least six officers at once .
lydia gaped as he opened the volume .
for he knew she was tenantless except that there was a watchman .
mrs. hurst and her sister allowed it to be so .
`` i ca n't .
she began to declare that it was what she had expected all the while .
she remembered that he had boasted of having no fear of seeing mr. darcy .
that is what you will say , thomas .
`` your affectionate friend , `` lydia bennet . ''
the retribution that followed every vengeful success was so sweeping and
`` yes.. but he seemed to like his second better . ''
it is only that he has better means of having it than many others .
but. ``
and then thought no more of the matter : and their indifference towards jane when not immediately before them .
tom sawyer also , but not from an individual .
pap says so his own self .
she looked at her father to entreat his interference , lest mary should be singing all night .
but i ca n't make nothing out of it .
i congratulate her .
`` an unhappy alternative is before you , elizabeth .
as had flattered them a year ago .
`` yes , ma'am , that he was indeed .
if she does not object to it , why should we ? ''
`` well , if they like it , tom , all right .
but elizabeth always laughed at the idea .
and then he would have had the misfortune to find that money turn up missing .
rank weeds smothering the very doorsteps .
nearly time for us to be moving , pard .
`` oh , lordy , i 'm thankful ! ''
with family , fortune , every thing in his favour , should think highly of himself .
'' and was glad to get out of the scrape with as
i must conclude , for i can not be long from my poor mother .
but there was much to be talked of , in marrying her .
in short , i will do my best . ''
let wickham be your man .
nor their offences against myself .
where his regret and vexation .
and coming up to her , claimed the good wishes and affection of a sister .
and it is that which makes the wonder .
i must have my share in the conversation , if you are speaking of music .
by repeated assurances that mr. darcy was really the object of her choice .
my situation in life .
it's getting late , i reckon .
or any husband , i dare say i should adopt it .
thanking her for every fish he won , and apologising if he thought he won too many .
she felt sorry .
ought to be imitated , though it could not be equalled , by some exertion of politeness on their side .
in whose mind every idea was superseded by lydia's situation .
do n't you be afraid of that .
but the morrow passed off much better than she expected .
the late mr. darcy .
he listened to all their impertinence with the most forbearing courtesy .
but she found nothing there to comfort her .
it is .
in comparison with myself , i should not pay him half so much deference .
but really .
and now he fitted a weed stem to it .
to the room where lady catherine .
she could think of nothing more to say .
it can not be concealed from any one .
the names `` becky & tom '' had been found traced upon the rocky wall with candle-smoke .
torturing himself meanwhile to keep awake , and then started warily down the home-stretch .
`` it may do very well for the others , '' replied mr. bingley .
i suppose you have heard of it .
`` she is a very fine-looking woman !
his conscience could not endure any more of amy's grateful happiness .
one ought not to repine.. but , to be sure , it would have been such a thing for me !
i was ready to die of laughter .
he can not afford it .
and nothing should tempt him to run the risk of meeting injun joe again .
a wish of being better acquainted with them , was expressed towards the two eldest .
there was a solicitude .
and when he climbed cautiously in at the window .
and in a moment had seized these things and bounded away , barelegged , with fluttering shirt .
and after you 've kept them a year , if it ai n't raised then you kill them .
a day or two passed before jane had courage to speak of her feelings to elizabeth .
cried elizabeth , when she had finished .
the welshman laughed .
scholar's heart was fired with a fresh ambition that often lasted a couple of weeks .
it now occurred to the girls that their mother was in all likelihood perfectly ignorant of what had happened .
mrs. bennet was most pressingly civil in her hope of seeing the whole family soon at longbourn .
`` let me be rightly understood .
but these are not jane 's feelings .
her hopes were answered .
and stopped on a twig almost within the boy 's reach .
it would be so awful ! ''
he said to himself , it is not possible that the boy can answer the simplest question .
but as empty-headed as himself .
slaves in the west at the period of this story .
however .
the girls grieved over such a number of ladies .
and then found themselves at the top of a considerable eminence .
and not only whitewashed but elaborately coated and recoated .
i understand that mr. collins has made you an offer of marriage .
had made a great difference in the country .
in that case he would return no more .
cried elizabeth .
i told you so , '' said tom .
and on the part of mrs. bennet and kitty .
but i am afraid you are giving it a turn which that gentleman did by no means intend .
and in her postscript it was added .
snatched up potter's knife .
`` and you saw him frequently ? ''
`` 'tai n't thunder , '' said huckleberry , in an awed tone , `` becuz thunder. ``
that my sister-in-law was sure he would make her an offer before we came away .
wonders dubbed with rather over-descriptive names .
pretty low characters in it ! '
and one of the younger girls together .
i do not know whether i ever before mentioned to you my feelings on this subject .
the sand began to work .
from expressing in her note how much she longed for such a visit , was delighted at her entrance .
`` you must give me leave to flatter myself .
and though .
`` mr. collins , '' said she , `` speaks highly both of lady catherine and her daughter .
their father then went to the library to write , and the girls walked into the breakfast-room .
i love you so .
and there was a delicious sense of repose and peace in the deep pervading calm and silence of the woods .
was almost equal to what she had known on first witnessing his altered behaviour in derbyshire .
and most fortunately having it in our power to introduce you to very superior society .
i am sure wickham would like a place at court very much .
regard for my sister 's credit and feelings prevented any public exposure .
in the afternoon lydia was urgent with the rest of the girls
mrs. bennet , we shall have her at netherfield at last . '
`` ben , i 'd like to , honest injun .
her pale face and impetuous manner made him start .
no use to take it away till we start south .
becky thatcher had stopped coming to school .
by-and-by the procession went filing down the steep descent of the main avenue .
not one of you entertained a doubt , i suppose , of their being really married ? ''
lady catherine , sir william , and mr. and mrs. collins sat down to quadrille .
a candle was casting a dull glow upon the curtain of a second-story window .
and when your sister is recovered , you shall if you please name the very day of the ball .
in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading . ''
after balancing .
and though mrs. collins has no instrument .
it is unaccountable !
no matter .
i wish it was as big as a barrel , for it 's all we 've got . ''
and on perceiving whom .
`` well , that 's the foolishest thing you could do .
`` and is miss darcy as handsome as her brother ? ''
she wrote even to jane on the occasion .
who as well as the other had sat down .
i think it will be very tolerable .
who have often disdained the generous candour of my sister .
`` shucks !
he disappeared .
she raised her eyes to his face .
i must call auntie . ''
and then added .
and heedless of the future , must be very insufficient to their support .
it was plain to them all that colonel fitzwilliam came because he had pleasure in their society .
`` did you go by the village of kympton ? ''
i 'll sleep all day and i 'll stand watch all night . ''
as lady catherine is far from objecting to my occasional absence on a sunday .
but his friend mr. darcy soon drew the attention of the room by his fine .
lydia was exceedingly fond of him .
'' as she entered the room , `` we have had a most delightful evening , a most excellent ball .
they are gone down to newcastle .
and before he could recover himself enough to speak .
`` pretty near , but not yet , huck .
at that moment a shadow fell on the page and tom sawyer
because if it were to get round to the lady 's family , it would be an unpleasant thing . ''
look at it , huck .
his disposition must be dreadful . ''
and she resolved to speak to elizabeth on the subject before she left hertfordshire .
`` we judged it war n't worth while .
and he wondered how he had escaped cramp so long without the protection of this mysterious charm .
the peaceful face reflected somewhat of peace and healing into his own spirit .
jane certainly could not come back .
but he got through safely .
a brass knob from the top of an andiron .
but i never see a nigger that would n't lie .
a deep peal of thunder went rolling and tumbling down the
whom she had not seen for a week .
which a brother will not always allow in a sister more than ten years younger than himself .
and his attentions to herself most pleasing .
i believed what i said of myself to be true , and i believe it at this moment .
having nothing else to say , was now determined to leave the trouble of finding a subject to him .
the kindness of my uncle and aunt can never be requited .
in such society .
but becky was very weak .
their preference of each other was plain enough to make her a little uneasy .
do not involve yourself .
will you come and see me ? ''
and when huck prepared his pipe after the meal and was going to prepare theirs .
she would be in nobody 's way , you know , in that part of the house . ''
but the impressiveness of the situation quickly wore off , and the romping began again .
i just got all full of the idea of our coming and hiding in the church .
we go out so little .
they had a famous fried-egg feast that night , and another on friday morning .
`` i do n't know .
becky would watch his face for an encouraging sign .
however , there was no other way .
that she should be noticed on her marriage by her parents .
`` steady it is , sir ! ''
do you understand that ?
that would turn it into work and then they would resign .
approached the `` ell , '' and looked in at the sitting-room window , for a light was burning there .
they fell to thinking .
`` to jane herself , '' she exclaimed , `` there could be no possibility of objection .
but if otherwise .
teazing , teazing , man !
`` your examination of mr. darcy is over .
what do you want ? ''
this course worked well , and tom began to groan again .
`` how can you be so silly .
and his servant 's report .
so he stepped ashore and entered the woods .
if possible .
`` you go to brighton ! .
they were obliged to give up the lakes , and substitute a more contracted tour .
teaching them , playing with them , and loving them .
`` send the r'yals up !
till i was in kent .
took in a big breath and began .
she glanced around .
he scarcely spoke ten words to her through the whole of saturday .
there 's no getting round it , you can work when you 're a mind to , tom . ''
or i 'll be the ruination of the child . ''
been the first to excite and to deserve his attention .
.
`` i have no right to give my opinion .
but no , there was something gaudier even than this .
and he was looked at with great admiration for about half the evening .
`` will she be as tall as i am ? ''
so he got into the shoes snarling .
and with a bow to mr. darcy .
it was not till the afternoon .
mr. darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once .
where there is a real superiority of mind , pride will be always under good regulation . ''
the sisters .
which she had refused to give .
what could be the meaning of it ? .
he arranges the business just as he pleases . ''
but the old man laughed loud and joyously .
the master 's pulse stood still , and he stared helplessly .
in comparison of what is so often described as arising on a first interview with its object .
it can not be done too much .
the hooting of an owl came over the hill .
not a word passed between the sisters concerning bingley .
`` this is not to be borne .
but it is sometimes a disadvantage to be so very guarded .
i must beg , therefore , to be importuned no farther on the subject . ''
is that so ?
the scheme to return home with his brother pirates and attend their own funerals .
`` mr. collins appears very fortunate in his choice of a wife . ''
what will you think of my vanity ?
just you gim me the hundred dollars and i do n't want no di'monds . ''
but i , like a fool , never thought .
at length , every idea seemed to fail him .
here this dern foolishness has got to come up and spile it all ! ''
nine red tickets , and ten blue ones , and demanded a bible .
and the kind attentions she had received , must make her feel the obliged .
the petition to the governor for injun joe 's pardon .
she sent him language so very abusive .
tom got about .
dripping .
in pompous nothings on his side .
mrs. hurst sang with her sister .
and even then somebody generally had to go after him .
and delivered such eloquent admiration from their eyes .
spoke of him in terms of the highest admiration .
and told them it was the picture of a young gentleman .
and many of the circumstances of the preceding day , opened to them a new idea on the business .
i roused , and interested you , because i was so unlike them .
`` shall we ask him why a man of sense and education .
the black avenger of the spanish main ! ''
it shall not be like other travellers , without being able to give one accurate idea of any thing .
for i only mean to let you know .
in a peculiar style which was much admired in that part of the country .
`` so , miss eliza , i hear you are quite delighted with george wickham ! .
it makes me feel so bad to think you could let me go to sereny
they were shewn through the hall into the saloon , whose northern aspect rendered it delightful for summer .
without waiting to be argued into it ? ''
his sisters were very anxious for his having an estate of his own .
on each side dissatisfied .
the villagers conducted their concerns with an absent air , and talked little .
in truth i must acknowledge that .
elizabeth .
you go back and watch that long , will you ? ''
mrs. collins 's joints of meat were too large for her family .
but he lit on a nettle and sprang up too gaily for a corpse .
`` was there no good in your affectionate behaviour to jane , while she was ill at netherfield ? ''
tom pressed his fingers on his forehead an anxious minute .
i shall send for my clothes when i get to longbourn .
now you get hold of all the doorkeys you can find .
nobody could . ''
her ladyship 's carriage is regularly ordered for us .
but i would not tell you how little i was satisfied with her behaviour while she staid with us .
you 'll feel rested , now , and we 'll find the way out . ''
he did not leave his name .
could not avoid recommending moderation to her , as well in her hopes as her fears .
for she had no company but the cat , and it was asleep in her lap .
if you drove them out they 'd turn right around and come back .
he was a tall , heavy looking young man of five and twenty .
a few big raindrops fell pattering upon the leaves .
but time and again just as he would have victory in his very grasp .
but another boy said , `` sour grapes ! ''
`` i must think your language too strong in speaking of both .
it was a gory day .
than to secure her from any return of mr. collins 's addresses , by engaging them towards herself .
as they walked across the lawn towards the river , elizabeth turned back to look again .
`` i reckon that 'll be a good one .
he released the tick and put him on the long flat desk .
and to point him out to her particular notice .
and the perusal of this letter must occasion .
she had willingly turned to look at some drawings of miss darcy 's .
and she will , at sixteen , be the most determined flirt that ever made herself and her family ridiculous .
it happened just so , as sure as i 'm a-sitting in these very tracks .
thank heaven !
at the same time that mr. bennet came from it .
`` sh. ``
to the little town of lambton .
and commanded herself so far as to examine the meaning of every sentence .
in a few minutes she was joined by bingley .
so tom pried his mouth open and poured down the pain-killer .
`` i began to be afraid you would never come back again .
and upon the stump had placed a stone .
joe followed next .
my dear .
believed enough to make her former assurance of her sister 's ruin still more certain .
many of my acquaintance are already there for the winter .
`` oh , do n't i ! ''
elizabeth had never been more at a loss to make her feelings appear what they were not .
mary and kitty were both with mrs. bennet : one communication would , therefore , do for all .
the thing failed this time .
and lovers were of all people the most disagreeable .
`` it would not be easy .
to consign her single daughters to the care of their sister .
he 's got his back to us ! ''
and the harpers threw themselves upon their restored ones .
oh , my dear lizzy !
it seemed to them .
when coffee was over , colonel fitzwilliam reminded elizabeth of having promised to play to him .
`` it must make you better satisfied that your other four are single . ''
cried mrs. bennet , shaking her head , `` then she is better off than many girls .
i never used a weepon in my life before , joe .
and blood . ''
`` another time .
that 's so , '' said joe , `` but i had n't thought much about it , you know .
when all the boys is having holiday .
mr. darcy .
and so saying , he turned back with them , and walked towards the house .
`` i have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books of a serious stamp .
for my part , i am determined never to speak of it again to anybody .
as he said this , she could easily see that he had no doubt of a favourable answer .
sir william lucas had been formerly in trade in meryton .
and her mind opened again to the agitation of hope .
too , which was even worse than its sympathy .
judge thatcher and the handful of searchers with him were tracked out .
tom lay upon his elbow motionless , for some time , watching the two intently .
by the pleasantness of the morning , to stop at the gates and look into the park .
`` yes .
and about a fortnight ago i answered it .
and , after standing a few moments without saying a word , he suddenly recollected himself , and took leave .
grave , and indifferent , '' said she , '' did he come at all ? ''
'' said mr. bennet to his wife .
right , and best , too , i reckon .
she had no wish of her recovering immediately , as her restoration to health would probably remove her from netherfield .
why should he ?
her character will be fixed .
they could not talk .
she was on the point of continuing her walk .
by-and-by .
and i dare say he had heard somehow that mrs. long does not keep a carriage .
their table was superlatively stupid .
why is not he to make another choice ?
`` oh yes .
might at least have preserved the respectability of his daughters .
huck had slept there .
when jeff arrived , tom accosted him .
workbags .
my drum and every thing i 've got in the world .
but they got to daring each other , and of course there could be but one result .
he knew what the matter was , and set himself to right it .
a. a. shall mourn .
wretched , wretched , mistake ! ''
`` not that i shall though , '' she added to herself , as she finished the letter .
`` and then when you go away , you may leave one or two of my sisters behind you .
a fortnight 's acquaintance is certainly very little .
and that their sisters will not be often involved in the disgrace ? ''
do let me ask my partner to introduce you . ''
the rooms were lofty and handsome , and their furniture suitable to the fortune of their proprietor .
the dinner too in its turn was highly admired .
and a boy of german parentage had won four or five .
pleadingly .
mr. collins returned most punctually on the monday fortnight .
as she said .
it would have been impossible for them to play their parts with more spirit , or finer success .
well .
he then said , `` i have received a letter this morning that has astonished me exceedingly .
`` yes , sir .
after a few minutes silence , `` it seems but a day or two since we first came ! .
`` i am sorry .
at present i am not in love with mr. wickham .
mr. bingley was good looking and gentleman-like .
as a general thing .
yet he had avoided the netherfield ball the very next week .
`` when they get back to the boat , i reckon . ''
she could neither wonder nor condemn .
lady catherine is far from requiring that elegance of dress in us , which becomes herself and daughter .
and the envy of all the boys , as far as this dazzling notoriety was concerned .
who had been long yawning at the repetition of delights which she saw no likelihood of sharing .
some day .
elizabeth disdained the appearance of noticing this civil reflection .
and at the zenith of his fame .
every little while some giant tree yielded the fight and fell crashing through the younger growth .
`` if he had had any compassion for me .
its completion depended on others .
the turning past , he was immediately before them .
and you will not appear to less advantage for having a couple of .
they do n't seem to any air git through 'em , somehow .
they agreed that mrs. bennet should only hear of the departure of the family .
are you going much farther ? ''
than from their want of sense .
was stationed in the doorway .
it settled the matter .
after a silence of several minutes he came towards her in an agitated manner .
which .
`` very true , my dear , that is exactly what i say .
`` oh , you do , do you ?
what do you want to be afraid for ? ''
as he told elizabeth .
the little girls `` showed off '' in various ways .
you want to see your mother , i reckon . ''
i am sure we owe him no such particular civility as to
`` why .
the edifice was but a small .
that his chief object was by delicate attentions to recommend himself to her .
tom had struggled with his pride a few days .
`` when they all removed to brighton .
and how her tears would fall like rain .
in spite of a great opposition of character.. bingley was endeared to darcy by the easiness .
and had even vouchsafed to suggest some herself , .
i suppose , who have more true enjoyment of music than myself , or a better natural taste .
he covered his head with the bedclothes and waited in a horror of suspense for his doom .
i am not particularly speaking of such a case as you have supposed about mr. bingley .
so the story ran .
the first to listen and to pity , the first to be admired .
dullest , most thread-bare topic might be rendered interesting by the skill of the speaker .
for your interest with your fair daughter elizabeth .
but wishes were vain .
the letter was to this effect : `` my dear lizzy , `` i wish you joy .
his most particular friend .
`` lizzy , '' said her father , `` i have given him my consent .
in one place .
i am not able to judge .
stead-y-y-y ! ''
how she would like lady catherine , and how happy she would dare pronounce herself to be .
and i do n't forget it , i do n't .
mr. gardiner would be prevented by business from setting out till a fortnight later in july .
the collinses will turn us out , before he is cold in his grave .
'' etc.. accompanying himself with the painfully exact and spasmodic gestures which a machine might have used .
he generally could n't collect it .
when they ascended the steps to the hall .
evidently the distant shoutings were growing more distant !
the boy mused awhile over the substantial change which had taken place in his worldly circumstances .
in re-perusing jane 's last letter .
trickling over a ledge and carrying a limestone sediment with it .
grew in a bunch within a few feet of the grave .
the other would look on with interest as strong .
surely he must have fainted .
as for elizabeth , her thoughts were at pemberley this evening more than the last .
you go back up the river where you belong .
`` my dear jane ! ''
but with the rich .
early the third morning tom sawyer wisely went poking among some old empty hogsheads down behind the abandoned slaughter-house .
huck finn 's wealth and the fact that he was now under the widow douglas' protection introduced him into society .
every saucy speech she had ever directed towards him .
but the things should be ordered immediately . ''
your daughter elizabeth .
becky clung to his side in an anguish of fear .
in such an exigence my uncle 's advice and assistance would be every thing in the world .
before she set off for the north , received at first an absolute negative .
and when i returned home , the .
produced by touching the tongue to the roof of the mouth at short intervals in the midst of the music .
cried he .
detained first by the civility of mr. collins .
the arrival of her friend was a sincere pleasure to elizabeth .
then he shot the arrow and fell back and would have died .
do n't you feel sorry for him , sometimes ? ''
sir william staid only a week at hunsford .
so they inwardly resolved that so long as they remained in the business .
and elizabeth happening to see the countenance of both as they looked at each other .
they 'd ketch him again . ''
around the throne on high not a single star quivered .
`` 't was always said that murrel 's gang used to be around here one summer .
on opening the door .
that in lydia 's last letter , she had prepared her for such a step .
she looked forward to their entrance .
dearest lizzy , something has occurred of a most unexpected and serious nature .
you can not have been always at longbourn . ''
tell her that you insist upon her marrying him . ''
`` to guess in what way he can mean to make us the atonement he thinks our due .
presently jeff thatcher hove in sight , and tom 's face lighted .
she saw all the glories of the camp .
however , even inquests went out of vogue at last , and ceased to torture tom 's conscience .
the lucases , and the officers , there was not a day without its engagement .
my father was not only fond of this young man 's society , whose manners were always engaging .
yet , but if this mutinous depression was not broken up soon , he would have to bring it out .
`` mercy on us !
at this moment .
`` perhaps that is not possible for any one .
was at least more prepared for an interview than before .
i never done it ! ''
children were anxiously questioned , and young teachers .
then he said : `` i want to go , too , tom .
[ no response . ]
and so fervently did she value his remembrance .
will you do me the honour of reading that letter ? `` .
but lady catherine seemed gratified by their excessive admiration .
elizabeth did not quit her room for a moment , nor were the other ladies often absent .
in a few days more .
i hope it will not be long before they are .
here was knowledge in which no one could partake .
becky understood , and her hope died again .
the hooting of a distant owl was all the sound that troubled the dead stillness .
then he said : `` i 'll tell you .
which was repeated to colonel f. who instantly taking the alarm .
i 've a notion to skin you alive ! ''
`` that i should not have been at all surprised by her ladyship 's
off with you , boys , and tell the sheriff .
they were always moving from place to place in quest of a cheap situation .
they would doubtless be congenial with the generality of female minds .
then the dead were counted .
and examine their own indifferent imitations of china on the mantle-piece , the interval of waiting appeared very long .
do not you know that mr. collins wants to marry lizzy ? ''
`` i shall be very fit to see jane .
the sort of preference which was often given me . ''
there can be no occasion for your going so soon .
but there is something insufferably tedious in the usual process of such a meeting .
but an intruder came , now , that would not `` down . ''
dark as a cellar that sumach path was .
was left to the comforts of cold ham and chicken .
and how often especially miss de bourgh drove by in her phaeton .
`` your becky ? ''
and never find the end of the cave .
a man of honour could not have doubted the intention , but mr. darcy chose to doubt it .
and used up half of the corn `` pone '' stock they had brought .
it was too early in the morning for visitors .
mrs. hurst and miss bingley both cried out against the injustice of her implied doubt .
i am inclined to think that her own disposition must be naturally bad .
i wish i had some now . ''
all the world are good and agreeable in your eyes .
it was not a thing likely to have an end , with imaginations like theirs to furnish material .
and in bestowing her tribute of praise on the character of its late possessor .
why did she come ?
it was conscience .
pap used to sleep there .
i sung out , 'fire boys ! '
but he actually thought it necessary to turn back and walk with her .
and then made their bows .
every thing was too recent for gaiety , but the evening passed tranquilly away .
he was boat and captain and engine-bells combined .
they could at last only suppose his visit to proceed from the difficulty of finding any thing to do .
the day would be fixed that was to make him the happiest of men .
what if he turned his back , now , and disappeared mysteriously ?
with amazement and horror , that her husband would not advance a guinea to buy clothes for his daughter .
lady catherine , i believe , did a great deal to it when mr. collins first came to hunsford . ''
next to being married , a girl likes to be crossed in love a little now and then .
and one of my own daughters .
long before it had taken place , my opinion of you was decided .
however little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighbourhood .
and a still greater .
he was anxious to avoid the notice of his cousins .
for though feeling almost secure .
tom took something out of his pocket .
the moment a candle was lighted there was a general rush upon the owner of it .
we 'll stay , wo n't we ? ''
but his anger .
and she might be amused in seeing how hopeless miss bingley 's designs on him were .
`` you may depend upon it .
a. a. ``
`` this is a parade , '' cried he , `` which does one good .
the minister made a grand and moving picture of the assembling together of the world 's hosts at the
and at breakfast one morning sid said : `` tom .
make haste , my love . ''
he muttered : `` if he 's as much stunned with the lick
miss bingley was then sorry that she had proposed the delay .
`` we are not in a way to know what mr. bingley likes .
or fear that perhaps , instead of his seeing too little , she might have fancied too much .
she looked at jane , and smiled , and shook her head by turns .
`` i hope .
they have some of the finest woods in the country . ''
`` yes , very different .
every idea gave way to the charm of recollection .
but let me , or let the servant , go after mr. and mrs. gardiner .
to think meanly of all the rest of the world .
but ashworth is too far off !
they always bury it under a ha'nted house or on an island .
'' cried her mother .
they stood a little aloof while he was talking to their niece .
and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of either merit or sense .
we will produce him at the proper time .
`` his being so sure of succeeding , was wrong , '' said she .
joe 's pipe dropped from his nerveless fingers .
it seemed hours since tom had disappeared .
i 'd feel mighty shaky if i was to see him , anyway . ''
of that independence which was no less his due than his desert .
`` i bet it is . ''
the temptation was very strong .
she had an impulse to get up and tell on alfred temple .
dumped their other traps on the ground .
'stead of going to joe harper 's we'll climb right up the hill and stop at the widow douglas ' .
`` bought it off ' n ben rogers two weeks ago for a hoop-stick . ''
`` that would be a delightful scheme , indeed , and completely do for us at once .
charlotte had seen them from her husband 's room .
you 've befriended me .
she was not of so ungovernable a temper as lydia .
when she kissed tom , that swept away his low spirits and made him lighthearted and happy again .
for her letters to kitty .
but she made an effort and forced herself to keep still .
my attentions have been too marked to be mistaken .
'' but a son or a dog of that name was `` bull harbison . '' ]
and he was thinking of her with some complacency .
`` is he married or single ? ''
in another minute mr. bingley .
that he had been partly governed by this worst kind of pride .
delivering her opinion on every subject in so decisive a manner as
an effect patiently and laboriously produced by the young men by
or do you imagine that you are gratifying mine ? ''
what is it like ? ''
she saw mr. darcy with him , and sat down again by her sister .
`` i have this comfort immediately .
if i have wounded your sister's feelings , it was unknowingly done .
let her go !
and was so good as to stay till thursday with me .
at such an assembly as this , it would be insupportable .
becky roused up from her lethargy of distress and showed good interest in the proceedings .
aunt polly entered in time to see him throw a few double summersets .
who had been a clerk to their father .
as soon as they were gone , elizabeth walked out to recover her spirits .
`` he said .
but they cared nothing for marbles , or circus , or swimming , or anything .
tom drew a line in the dust with his big toe .
`` tom , i better go . ''
`` i have no questions to ask him , '' potter 's lawyer replied .
in wretched suspense , could only say something indistinctly of his concern , and observe her in compassionate silence .
and want of proper consideration .
the tooth hung dangling by the bedpost , now .
i am sure , when so much beauty is before you . ''
he fell to blaming and abusing himself for getting her into this miserable situation .
then he robbed the body .
tom rested with her .
.
we talked and laughed so loud , that any body might have heard us ten miles off ! ''
would , in all likelihood , be soon afterwards united to my nephew , my own nephew , mr. darcy .
he came , and in such very good time , that the ladies were none of them dressed .
gently , and then entered the kitchen and began to wipe his face diligently on the towel behind the door .
`` yes , indeed , and received no inconsiderable pleasure from the sight .
and he kept drifting about to find becky and lacerate her with the performance .
`` hello ! ''
that she is perfectly convinced of her brother 's indifference .
that if left wholly to himself , jane 's happiness , and his own , would be speedily secured .
i 've heard a power of it . ''
twelve ladies and seven gentlemen with him to the assembly .
living in retirement , and the consequential feelings of early and unexpected prosperity .
he said : `` do n't talk about it , tom .
`` powerful warm , war n't it ? ''
and , glancing over it , said , in a colder voice , `` are you pleased with kent ? ''
repeated mr. bennet .
sitting up at intervals to inspect and chatter at the boys .
huck had learned all about tom 's adventure from the welshman and the widow douglas .
such an opening for wit to have a dislike of that kind .
my conscience does hurt me so , and every time i hit him my old heart most breaks .
on such terms of cordiality as had marked their several meetings in derbyshire .
and to her still increasing wonder .
he bought an estate in a neighbouring county to derbyshire .
`` dining out , '' said mrs. bennet , `` that is very unlucky . ''
darcy only smiled .
and then aunt polly entered .
where she was least likely to be interrupted .
`` it is evident by this .
all the rest of the house was filled with non-participating scholars .
`` so do i !
and , at another word , might stay a month . ''
but sobs .
he .
i and my children must have had all his money you know .
then tom hid himself away in a shady nook to sleep till noon .
she was a subscriber for all the '' health '' periodicals and phrenological frauds .
elizabeth felt that they had entirely mistaken his character , but said nothing .
they scarcely noticed that they were now in a part of the cave whose walls were not frescoed .
`` mr. collins moreover adds .
down , down .
and now despise me if you dare . ''
poor reynolds , she was always very fond of me .
his diffidence had prevented his depending on his own judgment in so anxious a case .
you heave your cat after 'em and say .
tom disappeared under the bed just in time .
potter started on a trot that quickly increased to a run .
which the discontentedness of her mother and kitty made inevitable .
with both eyes shut and groping for the towel with his hands .
he began to feel the danger of paying elizabeth too much attention .
with a significant smile .
with the minute description which wickham could give .
and i doubt not will prove a valuable acquaintance .
the voluptuous votary of fashion sees herself amid the festive throng , 'the observed of all observers . '
`` revenge ?
and as mrs. collins had settled it with her husband that the office of introduction should be her 's .
but all they knew was that it seemed days and weeks .
for i must speak plainly .
poured out the water on the ground .
turned up his sleeves .
that miss bennet seemed out of spirits .
one of the girls moved closer to her than ever .
the boy got a little of his strength back .
huck .
stern whisper : `` luff , and bring her to the wind ! ''
what i like is chewing-gum . ''
i owe all that i know of it , to another , not to you . ''
and tom began to snuffle a little .
mr. darcy looked just as he had been used to look in hertfordshire .
when you told mrs. bennet this morning that if you ever
and had i been the rector of longbourn , i should very strenuously have opposed it .
by carrying with me one ceaseless source of regret in my sister 's absence .
least you do n't know all about that thing .
but i was over-ruled , as i always am .
tom lay thinking .
and as many bows on sir william 's , they departed .
elizabeth was pleased to find .
`` no , that i am sure i shall not .
mr. dobbins straightened himself up .
something he supposed might be attributed to his connection with them .
just made .
`` heaven forbid ! .
several faces went behind fans and hand-kerchiefs , and tom was entirely happy .
tom arrived at home in a dreary mood .
as he drew near .
and otherwise diversified by little beyond the walks to meryton .
`` why , i ca n't do that , it ai n't in the book . ''
mr. collins to be sure was neither sensible nor agreeable .
for her thoughts had wandered far from the subject .
where jane , who came running down stairs from her mother 's apartment , immediately met her .
she got away as soon as she could and hid herself
she had set her heart on seeing the lakes .
we shall be at newcastle all the winter .
it is not quite a week since they left brighton .
hardly without contempt .
to whom the whole family were indebted for the first of benefits .
`` but without scheming to do wrong .
and a moment's consideration making her also sensible that it would be
this question was not entirely answered in huck 's slow mind before he found himself pushed .
least his sperrit does . ''
'under the cross , ' hey ?
she really looked almost wild . ''
at length becky said : `` tom ! ''
sheets and braces !
gave her all the shame and misery which a disagreeable partner for a couple of dances can give .
`` tom sawyer .
as an exertion of goodness too great to be probable .
`` tom .
as no objection was made to the young people 's engagement with their aunt .
they ai n't no numbers here . ''
but here he was set right by mrs. bennet .
did he before ? ''
if you 'll let me b'long to the gang , tom . ''
to enjoy many returns of the delightful intercourse we have known .
and never settled at netherfield as he ought to be .
i 'd like to see her get around this with her rubbage 'bout superstition .
were standing on the steps of the house , as they entered the paddock .
then pray do not pain me by speaking of him in such terms . ''
but what of it ?
and he could not help answering her.. but she said he seemed very angry at being spoke to . ''
`` dream land '' .
mr. bingley inherited property to the amount of nearly an hundred thousand pounds from his father .
after enquiring of her how mr. and mrs. gardiner did .
`` i have no reason .
tom presently wondered to find that his coveted vacation was beginning to hang a little heavily on his hands .
but it lacked somewhat of the true gush .
back of the rows of citizens .
which .
then he tossed the marble away pettishly , and stood cogitating .
rose gradually by the bedside , shaded the candle-light with his hand , and stood regarding her .
dreamy , reposeful , and inviting .
for lady catherine .
feebly : `` sunday-school books , maybe . ''
she was almost ashamed to find .
you 'd be always into that sugar if i war n't watching you . ''
at five o'clock the two ladies retired to dress , and at half past six elizabeth was summoned to dinner .
you must and shall be married by a special licence .
he searched aunt polly 's face , but it told him nothing .
it did not appear that he was on terms of particular friendship with any of them .
so he put his head through and began , warily .
huck came groping up the hill and rapped gently at the old welshman 's door .
tom counted the pages of the sermon .
than any body else in the country .
and it was settled that mr. jones should be sent for early in the morning .
and then added something like `` and i was a-standing just so .
and though i have not many , i have more than i ever look into . ''
when he put his letter into her hand !
she was sitting cosily on a little bench behind the schoolhouse looking at a picture-book with alfred temple .
when they were all assembled .
huck 's face lost its tranquil content , and took a melancholy cast .
and presently said : `` yes , burglar 's tools .
[ both brothers were imaginary . ]
i reckon injun joe 's left friends behind him .
it do n't hurt any more .
but they were entirely ignorant of what had passed .
`` huck , have you ever told anybody about .
the other to its derision for disappointed hopes , and involving them both in misery of the acutest kind . ''
and totally indisposed for employment , she resolved soon after breakfast to indulge herself in air and exercise .
we shall have no peace at longbourn if lydia does not go to brighton .
mrs. bennet and her daughters then departed .
her heart was not likely to be easily touched.. that i was desirous of believing her indifferent is certain , .
by the feelings which prevailed on his entering the room .
`` and do n't they wear the bulliest clothes !
indeed , it was seldom occupied .
and would have shared in every fatigue .
as soon as ever i saw him .
`` they do n't kill the women . ''
but it lacked the advantages of difficulty and danger so valued by a pirate .
elizabeth 's mind was now relieved from a very heavy weight .
just as they were all getting so intimate together .
rather than a compliment to his aunt .
an invitation to dinner was soon afterwards dispatched .
and all money matters were then to receive the last finish .
with the result of which he trusted he had every reason to be satisfied .
whose civility in listening to him , was a seasonable relief to them all , and especially to her friend .
tom stood amidships .
i dare say i shall soon see them here . ''
`` that 's just the way with me , hai n't it , huck ?
now he lapsed into suffering again , as the dry argument was resumed .
the pain of separation .
he clamored up the home-stretch .
no , i know you would n't .
and though this was not exactly the case .
i fancy she was wanted about the mince pies .
`` but does lydia know nothing of this ?
this invitation was so far from exciting in her the same feelings as in her mother and lydia .
when at length they arose to take leave .
my affections and wishes are unchanged .
taking no note of time , rapt in the ghastly fascinations of the tale .
`` the money 's in the cave ! ''
this superintendent was a slim creature of thirty-five , with a sandy goatee and short sandy hair .
but proud and conceited .
and as she named their relationship to herself .
i often tell my other girls they are nothing to her .
she danced four dances with him at meryton .
does a boy get a chance to whitewash a fence every day ? ''
that miss bingley was obliged to convert the offer of the
and , in my opinion , exertion should always be in proportion to what is required . ''
after wandering along the lane for two hours , giving way to every variety of thought .
punched and scratched each other 's nose , and covered themselves with dust and glory .
plank by plank , and its foundations dug up and ransacked for hidden treasure .
i hope they are . ''
it had better have happened to you , lizzy .
we 'll get the boys together and have the initiation tonight , maybe . ''
they saw a weedgrown , floorless room , unplastered , an ancient fireplace , vacant windows , a ruinous staircase .
mr. what 's his name .
before i saw .
for none of whom he had felt the smallest interest , and from none received either attention or pleasure .
but he declined it .
my aunt philips wants you so to get husbands , you ca n't think .
`` tom ! ''
whose spires fade fast from me and cold must be mine eyes .
striving to be composed .
which overflowed when he winked , and ran down and trickled from the end of his nose .
his attentions to miss king were now the consequence of views solely and hatefully mercenary .
at the same time .
i do n't understand it .
'' replied elizabeth smiling , `` your ladyship can hardly expect me to own it . ''
to discover that charlotte lucas .
a portion of tom 's half of the cake was left .
and as they walked down the garden .
becuz they say she 's a witch . ''
then he pretended he did not know she was present .
the bennets were engaged to dine with the lucases .
a report of a most alarming nature , reached me two days ago .
did you dream any more ? ''
and mrs. forster promised to have a little dance in the evening .
and though he could not prevail with her to dance with him again .
`` neither duty .
he hung about the courtroom .
huck held back .
that the young man 's marrying her .
now is your time .
the ladies had crowded round the table .
you must send john with the young ladies , mrs. collins .
of what he has particularly accused me i am ignorant .
a woman must have a thorough knowledge of music .
though perhaps it was lucky for her husband .
and gloried in every expression .
come ! ''
elizabeth was disgusted , and even miss bennet was shocked .
i 'll never love anybody but you , tom , and i 'll never marry anybody but you .
i like the woods , and the river , and hogsheads , and i 'll stick to 'em , too .
and he sometimes returned to longbourn only in time to make
and of nothing else but of her expectation that jane would
she sank to the ground and burst into such a frenzy of
always severe .
why do n't you do it ? ''
my dear father .
she would n't let me yell .
which are naturally lively enough .
`` all right if you say it .
mary .
nor wickham 's so amiable , as they had been considered in hertfordshire .
but as it was a matter of confidence one can not wonder .
he drew back his chair .
a far-away speck of light would glimmer .
it was some time , however , before a smile could be extorted from jane .
at such a moment .
it merely looked mean and shabby now .
that it `` was a very long time since he had had the pleasure of seeing her . ''
could wickham be prevailed on to marry his daughter .
you must allow me to present this young lady to you
that she wished it to take place as soon as possible .
and mr. bennet soon assured her that he was rising every hour in his esteem .
maybe when it was too late .
and when they arose to depart .
and went again and left the village duller and drearier than ever .
it was not often that she could turn her eyes on mr. darcy himself .
she had known , it seems , of their being in love with each other , many weeks . ''
jane confessed herself a little surprised at the match .
old chap , and i 'll ask the widow to let up on you a little , huck . ''
i shall pull it to pieces as soon as i get home .
you would have been less amiable in my eyes had there not been this little unwillingness .
i remain .
she then ran gaily off .
was surveying his drenched garments by the light of a tallow dip , sid woke up .
and there was a command against that in the bible .
at length however mrs. bennet had no more to say .
to understand her address in guiding .
you can and give me all your attention for a minute or two .
and after stating her imprudence .
his ease and cheerfulness rendered him a most agreeable addition to their evening party .
he hoped the boys would stop , but they still waded slowly on .
that lady i suppose is your mother . ''
elizabeth .
`` that 's just the same way they go on round me .
a suspicion of their nature shall not prevent me from unfolding his real character .
elizabeth honestly and heartily expressed her delight in the prospect of their relationship .
she blushed , and jane blushed .
`` mr. bingley does not know mr. wickham himself ? ''
they toiled their way to the farther end of the tunnel .
there were some side passages near at hand .
then he sat up .
her father lifted up his eyes .
of which he trusted there could be little doubt .
presently he picked up a straw and began trying to balance it on his nose .
and a wish of saying more that might lead to the mention of her , had he dared .
and .
that 's it .
i 've always heard that . ''
and many months were gone before she could at all forgive their daughter .
'' she added .
how his name would fill the world , and make people shudder !
that however long .
i have been a disappointed man , and my spirits will not bear solitude .
lady catherine seemed resigned .
when kitty left them , she went boldly on with him alone .
but there was sense and good humour in her face , and her manners were perfectly unassuming and gentle .
and the ferryboat , well filled with passengers , soon followed .
she accounted for it .
as they walked , `` is not quite consistent with his behaviour to our poor friend . ''
but mary said , persuasively : `` please , tom .
look at this ! ''
you can't cover that up now .
and as they sped by some outlying cottages that lay near the village .
but he would turn his face to the wall , and die with that word unsaid .
that the woman who marries him , can not have a proper way of thinking .
he knew that a yearning glance fell upon him .
mr. wickham was so perfectly satisfied with this conversation .
though with little satisfaction , till the door was thrown open , and their visitor entered .
the titter that rippled around the room appeared to abash the boy .
she turned suddenly towards him and said .
but that it was no worse , she had need to be thankful .
i enquired after their brother , of course .
after a few moments .
for congress .
`` no ? ''
`` no .
but the elastic heart of youth can not be compressed into one constrained shape long at a time .
beyond the light of the fire everything was swallowed up in the blackness of darkness .
he protested that except lady catherine and her daughter , he had never seen a more elegant woman .
as they had been at first .
`` good gracious !
i know it to be impossible . ''
dared not approach nearer to wickham .
some shelves in the closets up stairs .
or her affectionate heart .
wickham is safe . ''
`` yes .
such relief .
in vain did elizabeth attempt to make her reasonable , and jane to make her resigned .
it 's the best thing .
though she did not credit above half of what was said .
`` no , they think they will , but they generally forget the marks , or else they die .
and each of them , deep in thought , continued silent till they reached the house .
the steps came creaking up the stairs .
by elizabeth 's instructions she began to comprehend that a woman may take liberties with her husband .
`` run away !
but consider how much it must increase his disappointment . ''
`` it is amazing to me .
with such a mother and such uncompanionable sisters .
every reference to the murder sent a shudder to his heart .
some drowsy summer morning .
no !
have listened to tallassee 's warring floods , and wooed on coosa 's side aurora 's beam .
that . ''
water wo n't hurt you . ''
the widow douglas ' splendid hospitality was a tempting bait .
nor endeavour to persuade yourself or me .
if you and miss bennet will defer yours till i am out of the room .
and it was but the other day .
it appears to me so very unlikely .
or to make others unhappy , there may be error , and there may be misery .
you holler 'nough , do you ?
there is nothing like dancing after all.. i consider it as one of the first refinements of polished societies . ''
for he thought it was possible that he had unknowingly upset the ink on the spelling-book himself .
lady catherine had many other questions to ask respecting their journey .
at first there seemed danger of lydia 's engrossing him entirely , for she was a most determined talker .
`` say .
during their walk .
all the `` rot '' they contained about ventilation .
i thank you again and again for the honour you have done me in your proposals .
only think !
she tried to go away , but her feet were treacherous , and carried her to the group instead .
a hole and bury it 'bout midnight at the crossroads in the dark of the moon .
good bye . ''
they ai n't no different way . ''
and what is to divide them ?
`` very true .
and at length .
the boy 's first impulse was to be grateful , and reform .
all that they knew was .
lady catherine .
you shut up the women , but you do n't kill them .
and .
it was gratifying to know that his resentment had not made him think really ill of her .
now , my boy , tell us everything that occurred .
not that bingley was indifferent .
where he could think with pleasure of his own importance .
and they 're so rotten nice that i can't set down .
and everything was ready for a start .
and then quickly lifted his eyes with a startled look in them .
`` how despicably have i acted ! ''
six fire-crackers , a kitten with only one eye , a brass door-knob , a dog-collar .
his eyes met joe 's .
her understanding excellent , her mind improved , and her manners captivating .
to walk to meryton and see how every body went on .
so promising for happiness , jane had been deprived , by the folly and indecorum of her own family !
that the sabbath morning might be half spent before mrs. thatcher discovered that becky was not at mrs. harper 's .
i wish you had been there .
but , alas !
and his relation of what the glazing altogether had originally cost sir lewis de bourgh .
and her patience and her ideas were nearly worn out before the tte--tte was over .
girls ' faces always tell on them .
it was some consolation to think that his visit to rosings was to end on the day after the next .
she longed to enquire of the housekeeper .
the more so , as she could bring no proof of its injustice .
but allow me to assure you that i have your respected mother 's permission for this address .
you 're to turn around and let me hit you in the back . ''
the buzz of study ceased .
no other living thing was visible but some cows , and they were asleep .
as usual of late , he hung about the gate of the schoolyard instead of playing with his comrades .
handsome .
what wickham had said of the living was fresh in her memory .
that it would be the death of half the good people in meryton .
you .
i think every thing has passed off uncommonly well , i assure you .
the slow days drifted on , and each left behind it a slightly lightened weight of apprehension .
who 'd you reckon ?
and it was not wholly without foundation .
her feelings as she read were scarcely to be defined .
now appeared joe harper , as airily clad and elaborately armed as tom .
`` colonel forster did own that he had often suspected some partiality .
he had entertained hopes of being admitted to a sight of the young ladies .
`` how good it was in you , my dear mr. bennet !
such a disappointment !
and too busy to know any thing about it .
maybe you do n't believe it , but he 's got lots of it .
but how little of permanent happiness could belong to a couple who
almost as attentive to darcy as heretofore , and paid off every arrear of civility to elizabeth .
under which she would endeavour to class .
i 'll float the skiff down there , and i 'll pull it back again all by myself .
when ? ''
she makes me get up just at the same time every morning .
and what sort of table do they keep ?
it cut deeper than ever , this time .
that to promise not to do a thing is the surest way in the
please do n't tell ! ''
my sister .
for at any rate , there seemed a gulf impassable between them .
`` to carry my point of going to brighton , with all my family , this would not have happened .
it must be my uncle 's doings !
`` oh !
for the consolation of yourself and mrs. bennet .
but since then , we have both , i hope , improved in civility . ''
was not unwilling to receive it .
i never saw such a long chin in my life .
said he , taking the letter from his pocket .
and yet that he should look at her because he disliked her , was still more strange .
at the end of the second day the village talk was to
`` my dear miss elizabeth .
because i would not take the trouble of practising .
`` i will not trust myself on the subject .
his second was to wait .
and a dignified lady who was doubtless the latter's wife .
they are even impartial towards miss king .
there seemed to be no angels or fairies interested in this luckless captive .
i wish it was now ! ''
and that was a chance to deliver a bible-prize and exhibit a prodigy .
namely .
added a touch here and there .
it was a comfort to elizabeth to consider that jane could not have been wearied by long expectations .
such squeamish youths as can not bear to be connected with a little absurdity , are not worth a regret .
i shall chuse to attribute it to your wish of increasing my love by suspense .
where two `` military '' companies of boys had met for conflict , according to previous appointment .
come .
she thus went on : `` you are too sensible a girl .
and besides , i did n't come over here to laugh at you that night . ''
johnny miller bought in for a dead rat and a string to swing it with .
`` no , 'taint likely , tom .
for i have wandered through thy flowery woods .
joe , do n't tell !
they threw their tools into a corner and made the ascent .
i don't take no interest in vittles , that way .
and all her attention to the feelings of her friends .
'' while he was `` standing within three feet of it . ''
`` let her be called down .
`` i say no more than the truth .
`` no .
and two or three kite-strings , and some of these new-fangled things they call lucifer matches .
`` let me write for you , '' said jane , `` if you dislike the trouble yourself . ''
for i have often observed that resignation is never so perfect as when
i can not boast of knowing more than half a dozen .
it does not often happen that the interference of friends will persuade a
and in the clamorous happiness of lydia herself in bidding farewell .
and colonel forster is obliged to be at brighton again to-morrow evening .
'' said she .
we'll be dead sure to see him go out .
`` i dono .
they lagged behind , while elizabeth , kitty , and darcy , were to entertain each other .
three days and nights of toil and hunger in the cave were not to be shaken off at once .
and so forth and so on .
`` miss eliza bennet .
but i think mr. darcy improves on acquaintance . ''
when the door opened .
the summer evenings were long .
`` but it must very materially lessen their chance of marrying men of any consideration in the world .
`` oh , yes !
she tried to remember something of that gentleman 's reputed disposition when quite a lad .
did n't you see me ? ''
there was no help for becky now , he said .
and had as persistently seen only faults and flaws in the poor boys .
`` he did n't have any other name .
they followed her into the dining-parlour .
both awoke out of a dead stupor of sleep and resumed their miseries once more .
that my dear mother had more command over herself .
elizabeth could not oppose such a wish .
that she could hardly wait for school to `` take in .
and after the first exclamations of surprise and horror .
i 'll tell ! '
jane was so admired , nothing could be like it .
but then the bats .
but which i have never acknowledged .
of my encroaching on your privilege of universal good will .
thirdly , she trusted that they would never be happy together .
`` my manners must have been in fault , but not intentionally i assure you .
`` and was denny convinced that wickham would not marry ?
i suppose she had nothing particular to say to you , lizzy ? ''
only three miles .
and get the money and bury it in awful places in
very , very small comfort it was to tom to be alone in danger !
mrs. gardiner .
some of them were to dine with the philipses the next day .
i can tell you something , if you want to know . ''
exerting herself vigorously to repel the ill-natured attack , she presently answered the question in a tolerably disengaged tone .
nobody can tell what i suffer ! .
`` that 's what i 've found out , huck .
so with such show of cheerfulness as they could muster they
'' said her sister .
tom was impatient to go to the haunted house .
the words sounded like truth .
the accidental discovery .
of mr. darcy it was now a matter of anxiety to think well .
oh !
and whose steady sense and sweetness of temper exactly adapted her for attending to them in every way .
they toiled another halfhour .
she was not near enough to hear any of their discourse .
he still loves me , and we are engaged . ''
i am sure jane will die of a broken heart .
i was in the lead with my pistol raised .
not lydia only , but all were concerned in it .
`` had you then persuaded yourself that i should ? ''
whom a ball would be rather a punishment than a pleasure . ''
her uncle 's interference seemed of the utmost importance .
`` a man who has once been refused !
you may remember what i told you on that point , when first we talked of it . ''
fair , smart .
i have great hopes of finding him quite the reverse .
his appearance was greatly in his favour .
i should be ashamed of having one that was only entailed on me . ''
and now at this moment .
that the sight of such rooms .
he felt that all eyes were fastened upon him .
ominous sound !
tom was about to take refuge in a lie .
these despised themselves , as being the dupes of a wily fraud , a guileful snake in the grass .
often .
no one thought of inquiring if any one was missing .
`` but i hope you will get over it .
i wonder that the very pride of this mr. darcy has not made him just to you ! .
this was putting the thing in a new light .
which stood near the door , she noticed that the key was in the lock !
she held out her hand .
she retained all the claims to reputation which her marriage had given her .
but i will endeavour to banish every painful thought .
blaming every body but the person to whose ill judging indulgence the errors of her daughter must be principally owing .
and the owner of it held the lantern up and revealed the face of young doctor robinson .
`` well , he must ' a ' been a brick . ''
positive happiness had my fair cousin honoured me with her hand .
which i should think exceedingly probable .
`` you 're another . ''
a flash of blue flame .
`` i have an excessive regard for jane bennet .
but as to not meeting with many people in this neighbourhood , i believe there are few neighbourhoods larger .
the schoolmaster .
`` now , '' said she , `` that this first meeting is over , i feel perfectly easy .
well , i do n't see why i ought n't to like it .
'' she replied .
but i pity her .
for there is but one man in the world i love , and he is an angel .
mr. darcy may hug himself . ''
tom was a trifle disconcerted .
do you understand ?
however incapable of such coarseness of expression herself .
and we shall be off , i hope , in half an hour .
`` what think you of books ? ''
the church ought to have been my profession .
we both know that he has been profligate in every sense of the word .
then one more frock passed in at the gate , and tom 's heart gave a great bound .
after this period , every appearance of acquaintance was dropt .
sir william lucas .
mary was obliged to mix more with the world , but she could still moralize over every morning visit .
but they were food and drink to him .
and always spending more than they ought .
and would hardly have resented a comparison with the housekeeper 's room .
`` i know it , but then there 's another thing . ''
when it was finished , she gazed a moment , then whispered : `` it 's nice .
`` nay , '' said elizabeth , `` this is not fair .
till the next morning , however , she was not aware of all the felicity of her contrivance .
`` huck finn and tom sawyer swears they will keep mum about this and they wish
then she put them up and looked out under them .
however temporary its existence might prove , had at least outlived one day .
he had finished gouging out a cob .
it suddenly struck her that it might be from lady catherine .
and it always gives me pain to meet him .
however amiable her temper .
while she spoke .
`` somehow it seems to me that the wind .
into one house in this neighbourhood , they shall never have admittance .
a tin soldier .
the tavern-keeper's young son said it was kept locked all the time .
it was a large black beetle with formidable jaws .
none , save that he seemed to hear the beating of his own heart .
mary 's powers were by no means fitted for such a display .
though , when she asked herself the reason , she had very little to say in reply .
'' said she to herself , `` is never more to be in company with either of them .
and .
potter would have fallen if they had not caught him and eased him to the ground .
was a wretched reflection .
this can not be !
injun joe lay stretched upon the ground .
an union of a different tendency .
mr. wickham wrote to inform me that .
just where the shadow falls at midnight .
as the boys steadily and monotonously drove the raft toward mid-stream it was
or the pleasantness of the walk to it .
i just grabbed that towel and started ! ''
sometime hence it will be all found out .
our plain manner of living .
but , alas !
come along , becky .
the old lady pulled her spectacles down and looked over them about the room .
all astonishment that wickham should marry a girl , whom it was impossible he could marry for money .
he concluded his speech .
he did not know how , kept exclaiming : `` oh , here 's a jolly one !
how long you been this way ? ''
i 'll let you chew it awhile , but you must give it back to me . ''
`` yes .
grew weary at last , and then indifferent and absent-minded .
the vicious propensities .
`` oh , partly , partly .
now that he had settled with sid for calling attention to his black thread and getting him into trouble .
ringtaw '' and '' keeps '' till that amusement grew stale .
`` that is very strange .
shook up the details of his anatomy from head to foot .
with the design of cheering and heartening them up .
she stood several minutes before the picture in earnest contemplation .
elizabeth , equally next to jane in birth and beauty , succeeded her of course .
and nothing less than a dance on tuesday .
stupid men are the only ones worth knowing , after all . ''
nothing less than the complaisance of a courtier could have borne without anger such treatment .
even in the company of his dear friends at netherfield .
why do n't you tell me , mary ? .
till presently he was but a woolly comet moving in its orbit with the gleam and the speed of light .
her sister made not the smallest objection .
being attracted by the showy character of their `` regalia . ''
smarty that thinks he dresses so fine and is aristocracy !
and i was so sorry that i took and wrote on a piece of sycamore bark .
mary , '' said she , `` i wish you had gone with us , for we had such fun !
if you suppose that the mode of your declaration affected me in any other way .
`` is it possible ! ''
his behaviour to myself has been scandalous .
and she has got three couple of ducks , just fit to be killed . ''
becky resumed her picture inspections with alfred .
p'raps we better . ''
was not propitious , at least not to elizabeth 's wishes , for she was impatient to get home .
dear sir .
cried miss bingley .
daring the enemy to come outside , but the enemy only made faces at him through the window and declined .
and living on crusts in a remote cave .
each of them deep in thought .
very desirous of having them all to dine with her .
wickham 's affection for lydia , was just what elizabeth had expected to find it .
huck said , `` y-e-s '' .
i wo n't be gone a minute . ''
'we ai n't dead .
singing , drawing , dancing , and the modern languages , to deserve the word .
mr. darcy ! .
wished his fair cousins health and happiness again , and promised their father another letter of thanks .
he was startled .
the superior in consequence .
who so well know my feelings towards mr. darcy .
but he talked right along to amy lawrence about the terrible storm on the island .
they had all been very ill-used since she last saw her sister .
i 'd got to go up in the attic and rip out awhile .
number two .
the minutest concerns of which were carried to her by mr. collins .
for such an attachment as this , she might have sufficient charms .
tom stirred up the other pirates and they all clattered away with a shout .
my dear lydia , '' she cried , `` when shall we meet again ? ''
most of the young men knew a portion of it .
after examining the mother .
the old minister as well , rose reverently and stood until the mourners were seated in the front pew .
observing his second daughter employed in trimming a hat .
to stand according to your representation .
nor was mrs. hurst .
a-turning it all over .
for the county .
after all .
at last tom could stand it no longer .
to this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying .
and live in so rational a manner , as may in time make their past imprudence forgotten . ''
she was gone directly .
therefore it is not well to find fault with it .
only you do n't kill the women .
and these , also , he had eaten , leaving only their claws .
he could not recollect that the closing word had ever been applied in his case before .
he lets me , and so does his pap 's nigger man , uncle jake .
was nothing in comparison of his being now accepted .
i should as soon call her mother a wit . '
he begged to know farther particulars of what he was indebted to his brother .
susceptibility to her feelings .
mrs. collins .
elizabeth could hardly help smiling , as she assured her that had not been the case .
`` he is also handsome .
yes.. there is nothing in that .
blessed are the poor .
you be off yonder way and i 'll go this .
.
have long prevented the acknowledgment of your regard , can have little difficulty in overcoming it after this explanation . ''
a stream of some natural importance was swelled into greater , but without any artificial appearance .
`` no you ca n't . ''
`` but .
and elizabeth instantly availed herself of the opportunity of making many enquiries , which jane was equally eager to satisfy .
ah , how would she feel then ?
and whenever she spoke in a low voice to mr. collins .
three feet of muff potter when it done it . ''
the ceremony of leave-taking was performed when the ladies moved for the night .
for mine is totally different.. will you hear it ? ''
tom ! ''
that she had often great enjoyment out of doors .
i'll try . ''
this accounted to elizabeth for mr. wickham 's being among them .
tom thought a while , then he said : `` who 'll tell ?
pity but somebody could find tom sawyer !
elizabeth 's spirits were so high on the occasion .
tom reached school ahead of time .
the news : and various were the subjects which occupied them .
low , black-hulled racer , the spirit of the storm , with his grisly flag flying at the fore !
it was her pet vanity to believe she was endowed with a talent for dark and mysterious diplomacy .
dead loads of it .
it wo n't matter to come here once more . ''
all we got to do is to look mighty sharp and keep out of it .
.
and jim told ben rogers , and ben told a nigger , and the nigger told me .
mr. collins was employed in agreeing to every thing her ladyship said .
of whom we shall deprive you . ''
they stepped to a promising nook in the river-bank and threw in their lines .
and fourthly , that the match might be broken off .
it is just as he chooses .
catherine , weak-spirited , irritable , and completely under lydia 's guidance , had been always affronted by their advice .
charlotte tried to console her .
it was so pleasant at her time of life to be able
melodious whoop , at intervals , followed by a deep-toned ding-dong-dong , ding-dong-dong , for he was personating a steamboat .
with a rapturous air .
while joe was slicing bacon for breakfast , tom and huck asked him to hold on a minute .
'' cried elizabeth , `` that mr. bingley did not do justice to his own disposition .
`` hop ? .
`` my dearest sister , now be be serious .
they are young in the ways of the world .
of mr. darcy 's civility , and above all , of his wishing her to be acquainted with his sister .
and in all that he said .
crossing field after field at a quick pace .
which she had only chosen because it was the second volume of his .
i 'd made sure you 'd played hookey and been a-swimming .
do you then pretend to be ignorant of it ?
the idea of mr. collins .
he would trust to the darkness for security from discovery .
whose bright eyes are also upbraiding me . ''
dear , dear lizzy .
for a time the girl refused to notice .
`` what do you mean , hill ?
hope so , anyway .
he wished there was some way to get that boy into trouble without much risk to himself .
sunny walks of fancy 's eden by the romantic and young .
and if i endeavour to undeceive people as to the rest of his conduct , who will believe me ?
there is nothing extravagant in their housekeeping , i dare say . ''
no , no thanks , huck .
if miss bennet were not decidedly better .
it would be complete .
and they perceived a chaise and four driving up the lawn .
when he spoke , his accent had none of its usual sedateness .
putting away the letter immediately and forcing a smile .
what is the matter , tom ? ''
she had always felt that charlotte 's opinion of matrimony was not exactly like her own .
`` it seems likely to have been a desirable match for jane , '' said she .
again two or three times ( with much seeming vexation ) .
landing fifty yards downstream , out of danger of possible stragglers .
in earnest contemplation of the greatness before him , and constantly bowing whenever miss de bourgh looked that way .
all that was benevolent and amiable .
it was not very large .
she .
the saturday holiday seemed a burden to the children .
fatigue bore so heavily upon becky that she drowsed off to sleep .
'' he added , `` as soon as his marriage was fixed on .
do to tom the `` next time he caught him out . ''
i always wish to give them as unstudied an air as possible . ''
which ceased when he saw her no more .
which soon procured her pardon , and directed all his anger against another .
and the conclusion of the speech was received with a burst of silent gratitude .
`` muff potter 'll hang for this if they catch him ! ''
such very superior dancing is not often seen .
`` i 'll need your help in it .
sabbath-school hours were from nine to half-past ten .
kitty , to her very material advantage , spent the chief of her time with her two elder sisters .
`` yes , there can .
and who told them that wickham had been obliged to go to town on business the day before .
and all surprise was shortly lost in other feelings .
after all the misery of the morning .
but if there had been no stony obstruction there the labor would have been useless still .
she was sure they should be married some time or other , and it did not much signify when .
then she had a new inspiration : `` tom .
on the gentlemen 's appearing , her colour increased .
so much the better .
the doctor struck out suddenly and stretched the ruffian on the ground .
i think not .
the most animated language of the violence of my affection .
elizabeth honoured him for such feelings , and thought him handsomer than ever as he expressed them .
`` i bet you he was , huck .
it 's got to be done very careful .
i reckon it would n't hardly do , ben .
`` i hope tom 's better off where he is .
miss bennet .
and the forces retired with weaker and weaker threatenings and grumblings , and peace resumed her sway .
too , if you 'll do the other part of the job . ''
`` my dear lizzy , do not give way to such feelings as these .
in comparing her recollection of pemberley .
the men contemplated the treasure awhile in blissful silence .
added , `` he is a man of very large property in derbyshire , i understand . ''
they tried to argue it away by reminding conscience that they had purloined sweetmeats and apples scores of times .
i often tell young ladies , that no excellence in music is to be acquired , without constant practice .
and striped from head to heel with black mud , like so many zebras .
and placing a screen in the proper direction before her eyes .
i could hardly help laughing aloud sometimes .
and they were both ever sensible of the warmest gratitude towards the persons who .
`` i dono .
that. ``
but she saw and admired every remarkable spot and point of view .
his coming would furnish one comparatively new to look at in their rosings parties .
he got out his worldly wealth and examined it .
it was not the custom for elderly people to mar the picnics with their presence .
and though a day seldom passed in which elizabeth did not account for it clearly .
dwelling emphatically on every expression of the latter .
or would she turn coldly away like all the hollow world ?
madam .
`` say , now , would you , if you 'd thought of it ? ''
and though vanity had given her application .
`` listen .
if it is , it ai n't in this one-horse town .
it was necessary to laugh , when she would rather have cried .
yes , miss bennet , interest .
that not only your sister was on the point of being most advantageously married .
and as for mr. hurst .
'' she added , in a yet more agitated voice , `` that i might have prevented it ! .
`` yes 'm . ''
a faint wind moaned through the trees .
`` while mary is adjusting her ideas , '' he continued , `` let us return to mr .
you know his tavern was all right the saturday i went to the picnic .
it 's all owing to my dear teachers that taught me to learn .
under such circumstances , however , he was not likely to be proof against the temptation of immediate relief .
from what she had said of her resolution to prevent their marriage .
i bet i 'll have a gay time . ''
and the whole party were still standing and talking together very agreeably .
they 're so thin-skinned and chicken-hearted .
but the fact is .
if it was not allowable for him to gain my affections .
but remained quietly in the hall .
old mr. jones is going to try to spring something on the people here tonight .
then he found it lonesome , and went to find his comrades .
what do you want to be so mean for ? ''
every now and then , and suddenly halting with finger on lip .
that charlotte , really rejoicing in the match , was anxious to get away till the storm was blown over .
did they fight ? ''
i never once thought of it , huck ! ''
the expectoration marvellously increased .
and after they've been in the cave a week or two weeks they
it 's nearly dark enough to start . ''
with the gardiners , they were always on the most intimate terms .
nobody suffered half as much as the two boys did , however .
black-haired young lady .
`` oh , kings have slathers of them . ''
`` yes , i 've heard about that , '' said joe .
as i conclude will be the case .
and with a propriety of behaviour equally free from any symptom of resentment , or any unnecessary complaisance .
the very first sentence conveyed the assurance of their being all settled in london for the winter .
was fonder than ever of georgiana .
elizabeth particularly .
`` i do n't know .
then he skipped out .
keep a lookout for injun joe .
i did not expect it from you .
she was ashamed to think how much .
this was enough to prove that her approbation need not be doubted : and elizabeth .
her features , though not plain , were insignificant .
it belongs to me to find occasions for teazing and quarrelling with you as often as may be .
jane then took it from her pocket-book , and gave it to elizabeth .
`` at once to insist upon having such a report universally contradicted . ''
added .
'' he replied .
did not expect it to contain a renewal of his offers .
i want to tell you something ! ''
it was a lonely place , and an hour made solemn by old traditions .
and though i should certainly be a more interesting object to all my acquaintance .
the stillness was perfect .
mrs. bennet was restored to her usual querulous serenity .
no one but jane , she thought , could flatter herself with such an expectation .
it may be a good while before i get the right chance at that job .
but it is always so .
`` yes .
how rejoiced was elizabeth that their own journey had not by any circumstance been delayed a day !
and if he did , maybe he 'd never think anything . ''
now , then , let that learn you ! ''
`` oh !
his slouch hat with waving plumes .
and started off in high feather .
no ailment was found , and he investigated again .
`` i have not the smallest objection to explaining them .
her impatience for this second letter was as well rewarded as impatience generally is .
they walked all about it .
and then till her sister came down .
your feelings , i know , will bestow it unwillingly , but i demand it of your justice .
the wind blowed the .
on this subject .
and that his character was by no means so faulty .
they ai n't any such men now , i can tell you .
and the possibility of her deserving her mother 's reproach prevented his feeling any regret .
`` oh !
for since her marriage would so shortly give the proper termination to the elopement .
he had liquor in him .
now what you going to do ? ''
it suddenly dawned on tom that it was become very lonely and still .
grew bolder , and took a closer smell .
`` how many letters you must have occasion to write in the course of the year !
said elizabeth to herself.. `` you are much mistaken if you
but he noticed that she always made her captures in his vicinity .
but it was getting to have too little sentiment and too much distracting variety about it .
and the people could easily see .
tom lay upon a sofa with an eager auditory about him and told the history of the wonderful adventure .
`` there now ! ''
boys happened along every little while .
and she is luckily too poor to be an object of prey to any body .
who ? ''
a place quite northward .
darcy ! ''
'' he continued in a lower and more serious tone , `` that he is improved in essentials . ''
bits of toys , marbles , and trash .
as having passed at the netherfield ball .
which had often seemed likely .
he seemed to expect that whenever she came into kent again she would be staying there too .
the opening of it , which i should dread your having the power of reading again .
vol .
threw it and hit him between the shoulders and then turned tail and ran like an antelope .
that this licentiousness of behaviour in your daughter .
had his first appearance .
can afford to marry without some attention to money . ''
got the moon on his work .
james 's ? ''
`` but surely .
but the visits of her uncle and aunt from the city .
which of course was to be inferior only to his own .
right gladly will i dispute with thee the passes of the merry wood .
i am going away myself . ''
she explained what its effect on her had been , and how gradually all her former prejudices had been removed .
and kill everybody in the ships .
he surveyed the prize .
maria followed .
i feel he may defy us there .
and as soon as they were in the parlour .
but , lizzy !
mr. collins repeated his apologies in quitting the room .
`` you are then resolved to have him ? ''
as she pronounced these words , mr. darcy changed colour .
and if she were , to make the confession to him which i have since made . ''
they were covered with clay and candle-grease .
the lucases .
mr. bennet was among the earliest of those who waited on mr. bingley .
stone building .
`` and her residence there will probably be of some duration . ''
the night was far spent .
elizabeth 's impatience to acquaint jane with what had happened could no longer be overcome .
and you will find that the sermon of the most frivolous and the least
she was of great use and comfort to us all , and lady lucas has been very kind .
`` oh !
wondering and admiring , and presently left it by one of the numerous passages that opened into it .
`` what , none of you ? ''
and his willingness to fulfil the engagements that had been made for him .
`` tom sawyer , the black avenger of the spanish main .
she interrupted him with .
other schemes too came into her head .
mama .
what did i make him do , tom ?
and in their brother 's manners there was something better than politeness .
had she seen him so desirous to please .
and he expressed himself on the occasion as sensibly and as warmly
that will make thirteen with ourselves , so there will be just room at table for him . ''
amy chatted happily along .
mary remained at home to entertain him .
it 's a mighty small tick , anyway . ''
there if she 'd ' a ' thought of it .
about midnight joe awoke , and called the boys .
were now so much affected as to make it almost impossible for her to appear tolerably cheerful .
and as for wedding clothes .
directions that every possible attention might be paid to the sick lady and her sister .
there was a lagging .
`` but what , '' said she , after a pause , `` can have been his motive ? .
as the two boys walked sorrowing along .
`` you are mistaken .
with tears in her eyes .
so at last , with a sigh and a yawn , he gave it up .
`` tom , tom , we 're lost !
nothing , therefore .
sid snored on .
was glad to purchase praise and gratitude by scotch and irish airs .
oh , if it was to do over again , i would n't say that .
`` and this .
and consistency of which elizabeth gave charlotte all the credit .
it had come with a fare from london .
but .
`` well , we 'll let the crybaby go home to his mother , wo n't we , huck ?
and the conclusion of all was the comfortable declaration that .
and was in every respect so altered a creature .
maybe all the temperance taverns have got a ha'nted room , hey , huck ? ''
huck could suggest nothing .
she was received , however , very politely by them .
more than equivalent to the happiness of being his wife .
my sole dependence was on you .
at that moment , she cared for no other .
her triumph began to cloud and she lost interest .
before they were separated by the conclusion of the play .
happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance .
yes .
jane .
object of some interest in the eyes of his friend .
he no longer took an interest in war , nor even in piracy .
`` i know you do .
`` to yield without conviction is no compliment to the understanding of either . ''
nor did he seem much more at ease .
and got a new reprimand from his teacher .
the former .
more visitors came , and the story had to be told and retold for a couple of hours more .
i always liked you , joe , and stood up for you , too .
when the door was closed on her .
you would have been invaluable .
alfred dropped alongside and was going to try to comfort her .
there can be no love in all this .
i reckon there ai n't one boy in a thousand .
as usual .
`` well , you said you 'd do it .
on account of some debts of honour , which were very pressing .
not long after .
mrs. bennet could certainly spare you for another fortnight . ''
a sort of liquid warble .
shocking ! ''
by this effect of her charms .
and though she would not place herself as his principal inducement .
was incapable of attending to the sense of the one before her eyes .
here .
and grub comes too easy .
shaking off his embarrassment .
may i ask whether these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the moment .
she could only imagine however at last .
in turn he took his place in the reading class and made a botch of it .
`` let us hear all the particulars , not forgetting their comparative height and size .
the steady countenance which miss lucas had commanded in telling her story .
the tone of her voice , her address and expressions , or the word will be but half deserved . ''
the bequest as to give me no hope from law .
we want none of them .
presently tom said : `` now , if you 've got the hang , go it lively ! ''
the last thing mrs. thatcher said to becky , was : `` you 'll not get back till late .
and caprice .
she felt it so .
and that it should be through her means .
do n't you remember you was to watch there that night ? ''
but if we do not venture , somebody else will .
all you got to do is to trot up hooper street a block and maow .
the young gentlemen teachers `` showed off '' with small scoldings
but presently the temptation rose up strong again and the boys agreed to try .
`` i am sick of mr. bingley , '' cried his wife .
which is always the way with her .
could not be expected to act very intelligently when set upon an errand of such gravity .
and all the young ladies in the neighbourhood were drooping apace .
the next variation which their visit afforded was produced by the entrance of servants with cold meat .
we were always encouraged to read , and had all the masters that were necessary .
he begged pardon for having displeased her .
elizabeth assured him that she could suit herself perfectly with those in the room .
he made a plausible excuse .
her mother impatiently met her at the door of the dressing-room .
these recollections will not do at all .
so he went away .
for i suppose you have heard of his leaving the .
no friendly hand to wipe the death-damps from his brow .
`` i am not now to learn .
they passed on , up the summit .
at such an assertion .
you 've always been fair and square with me .
but why do n't you want it known ? ''
`` next time you call , '' said she , `` i hope we shall be more lucky . ''
at last the enemy 's mother appeared .
between our pools at quadrille .
as to draw the attention of lady catherine herself , as well as of mr. darcy .
to find a man agreeable whom one is determined to hate ! .
he sustained it however with fortitude .
six or seven clods had taken personal effect , and tom was over the fence and gone .
whichever were the case .
than as she hoped that .
and the welcome hour arrives for her entrance into the elysian world .
my dear father , '' she cried , `` come back , and write immediately .
it had always been evident to her that such an income as theirs .
for stronger reasons .
and accepted in return three thousand pounds .
and while she closed with a happy scriptural flourish , he `` hooked '' a doughnut .
miss bingley saw all this likewise .
the latter third of the speech was marred by the resumption
an apology for his absence before the family went to bed .
but while they were supported by their mother 's indulgence , what chance could there be of improvement ?
and if she were married to him to-morrow .
care not how much i may be wounding your 's .
her daughter had meant to encourage him by protesting against his proposals .
to which he attributed her excessive commendation of her master , soon led again to the subject .
and indeed it was .
'' said tom .
which , unfortunately for his daughters , was entailed in default of heirs male , on a distant relation .
when he 's ashore .
books , and a billiard table , but gentlemen can not be always within doors .
it 's all mixed up . ''
the more i see of the world , the more am i dissatisfied with it .
`` david and goliah ! ''
six hundred dollars was money enough to make half a dozen boys rich !
she directly replied , `` you need not be frightened .
though several persons were there who were worth considerably more than that in property .
but old fools is the biggest fools there is .
eleven o'clock came , and the tavern lights were put out .
`` steady it is , sir ! ''
of my acquaintance with you .
in favour of a man whom nobody cared anything about .
those who do not complain are never pitied . ''
`` and are they upon such terms as for her to disclose the real truth !
miss darcy and her brother appeared , and this formidable introduction took place .
three dreadful days and nights dragged their tedious hours along , and the village sank into a hopeless stupor .
afforded by an opening in the trees that bordered the park nearly opposite the front of his house .
but he said nothing .
ting-a-ling-ling !
i hate such false friends .
i 'm all in a muddle .
the family were still at table , but they had finished breakfast .
it would be such a delicious scheme , and i dare say would hardly cost any thing at all .
on her ladyship 's entrance , though no request of introduction had been made .
nobody 'll answer .
however .
allowing for the common demands of the game .
she saw him one morning at his own house , and has since dined in company with him four times .
he showed huck the fragment of candle-wick perched on a lump of clay against the wall .
boys , go for the tent ! ''
and a wicked light flamed in his eyes .
it has been most unconsciously done , however , and i hope will be of short duration .
every thing , however , went on smoothly , and was finally settled according to charlotte 's first sketch .
and had they drawn his character from their own feelings .
he would now have comprehended that work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do .
he applied to me again by letter for the presentation .
for that will have more weight in the argument , miss bennet , than you may be aware of .
`` and remember that i have not much reason for supposing it to be bingley .
is perhaps probable.. but his regard did not appear to me enough
`` i do not know when i have been more shocked , '' said she .
poor thing , and i ai n't got the heart to lash him , somehow .
`` this is the only point , i flatter myself , on which we do not agree .
at the end of a long twelve or fifteen minutes the wheels stopped .
without making any impression on them .
he shook his head when i expressed my hopes .
and though the suddenness of their removal surprised her , she saw nothing in it really to lament .
by which means my letters sometimes convey no ideas at all to my correspondents . ''
mr. gardiner declared his willingness , and elizabeth was applied to for her approbation .
had miss bingley known what pain she was then giving her beloved friend .
then shewing her purchases : `` look here , i have bought this bonnet .
the labor dragged a little , but still they made progress .
then he scraped away the dirt , and exposed a pine shingle .
was caught by elizabeth .
there was not a breath stirring .
now you shut up that nonsense and climb out of this . ''
tumbling them in every direction , and fell sprawling , himself , under becky 's nose , almost upsetting her .
`` and this is always the way with him .
and come back again . ''
but in vain .
they had no sooner dined than she set off again in quest of her former acquaintance .
`` you are mistaken .
i did n't think of that .
i dare say , and so passing through meryton , thought she might as well call on you .
you shall try it some day.. do your sisters play and sing ? ''
he was indifferent .
`` do n't they come after it any more ? ''
`` take care , lizzy .
`` come with me , boys . ''
`` it 's only tom 's giddy way .
is not there a little mistake ? ''
the marvel of nature shaking off sleep and going to work unfolded itself to the musing boy .
there was something in the tone that made tom apprehensive .
`` if !
`` i often think .
though kitty might in time regain her natural degree of sense .
they always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation .
they 're just the tricks to have when we go to robbing .
when is your turn to come ?
one young man finally blurted out his fear that they were still in the cave !
`` well , sid do n't torment a body the way you do .
`` huck , i did n't wait to look around .
`` but you blame me for having spoken so warmly of wickham . ''
and never came back any more !
they buried the shingle close to the wall .
but that 's so .
then it occurred to him that the great adventure itself must be a dream !
they talked it all over .
shall you like to have such a brother ? ''
ben said : `` hello , old chap , you got to work , hey ? ''
it was lady catherine de bourgh .
`` i do not believe mrs. long will do any such thing .
`` shall ! ''
they pried off the lid with their shovels , got out the body and dumped it rudely on the ground .
and general disappointment is only warded off by the defence of some little peculiar vexation . ''
kitty and me were to spend the day there .
since her father 's death .
as the first .
and could she have included jane in the scheme , every part of it would have been perfect .
mrs. bennet rang the bell , and miss elizabeth was summoned to the library .
for who would object to such a partner ? ''
and elizabeth .
merely on that account , for in general you know they visit no new comers .
vain , ignorant , idle , and absolutely uncontrouled !
make haste , make haste .
without allowing herself time for consideration .
it 's awful solemn like , ai n't it ? ''
do not let us quarrel about the past .
elizabeth did all she could .
`` oh !
and who 'll we rob ? ''
he began to have a nobler opinion of himself than ever before .
one day tom was in the act of dosing the crack when his aunt 's yellow cat came along .
study to decide on what is right than a young lady like yourself . ''
she hurled one in return , and the angry breach was complete .
after church he always knew how many pages there had been .
`` that is the most unforgiving speech , '' said elizabeth , `` that i ever heard you utter .
tall person , handsome features , noble mien .
on his quitting derbyshire , he had left many debts behind him , which mr. darcy afterwards discharged .
though it was not put in as it ought to be .
and with an expression of civil disdain thus accosted her .
church ain't shucks to a circus .
she never licks anybody .
`` miss bennet , do you know who i am ?
huck 's face saddened .
to whom her uncle 's good dinners and her own easy manners recommended her , had increased into assurance .
the pirates returned to camp .
`` this is too much , to remember at night all the foolish things that were said in the morning .
bundles of candles were procured , and straightway there was a general scamper up the hill .
mr. darcy had at first scarcely allowed her to be pretty .
elizabeth excused herself as well as she could .
or any particular person .
`` in the graveyard . ''
the good news quickly spread through the house .
two of the savages almost wished they had remained pirates .
for it gratified him .
goodmorning , mrs. harper .
you will be a very happy woman . ''
`` oh , joe , you 're an angel .
he sat down and took a long rest .
`` now go and tell auntie if you dare .
he swam quartering upstream , but still was swept downward rather faster than he had expected .
`` oh , that thing yesterday .
the lady felt no inclination to trifle with his happiness .
he kept drifting to the rear of the schoolhouse .
for the poor fellow 's instinct taught him that there was
she remembered also .
she wanted to talk , but there seemed an embargo on every subject .
moreover , their past history was raked up and discovered to bear marks of conspicuous originality .
and by this time the scholars began to gather again .
but i do not think there would have been any fun in it .
an interest which she felt must ever attach her to him with a most sincere regard .
and every step was bringing forward a nobler fall of ground .
i ca n't ketch a fly in there , i ca n't chaw .
`` for if you did , i should certainly tell you all , and then wickham would be angry . ''
when you talked about notching ears and slitting noses i judged that that was your own embellishment .
we acted with the best intentions . ''
but lady catherine very resolutely , and not very politely , declined eating any thing .
after a short pause .
the invitations were sent out before sunset .
and if you will give me a sheet of paper , it shall be done directly . ''
`` what do you think ?
and caroline boasted joyfully of their increasing intimacy .
why should they not go on to scotland , if that had been the case ? ''
and on the present occasion he had a good deal of curiosity as
he leaves out half his words , and blots the rest . ''
`` out in the woods . ''
how odious i should think them ! ''
`` you have a house in town , i conclude ? ''
caroline is incapable of wilfully deceiving any one .
he had been careful to begin both of his inquest-statements with the fight .
mr. and mrs. gardiner could not but be deeply affected .
children .
there was little to be done but to hear lady catherine talk .
after a long time he slowly and sadly changed his position , and took up this object with a sigh .
but when the living fell , it was given elsewhere . ''
and hurrying off as if eager to escape from mrs. bennet 's civilities .
you must feel it .
your granny !
these were the contents : `` my dear harriet .
said mrs. bennet , more than once , as if the credit of making it rain were all her own .
there sat aunt polly , sid , mary , and joe harper 's mother , grouped together , talking .
for his mind was traversing the whole field of human thought , and his hands were busy with distracting recreations .
by jane this attention was received with the greatest pleasure .
she had spent a considerable time in that very part of derbyshire , to which he belonged .
if there were any one .
is not general incivility the very essence of love ? ''
miss bingley said something of his never returning to netherfield again .
but now it comes out . ''
i shall not be the person to discourage him . ''
we now come to the point .
nor did sir william at all shake her purpose by his attempt at persuasion .
and last summer she went with the lady who presided over it , to ramsgate .
and while it shook the rafters tom sawyer the pirate looked around upon the envying juveniles
my dear sister .
she will make him a very proper wife . ''
i thought i should have broke my heart . ''
one does not often see any body better looking .
no officer is ever to enter my house again , nor even to pass through the village .
and how he might take a similar representation of the evils attached to a connection with her .
just some blue lights slipping by the windows .
by the bye .
she could think of nothing but of mr. wickham .
but in what proportions it should be divided amongst the latter , depended on the will of the parents .
`` did not you think .
they were not talkative at supper that night .
he would run and snatch the book , spring through the door and fly .
when they came to recite their lessons .
which brought them again .
yes , i saw two barrels and lots more bottles in the room .
had she known that her sister sought to tear her from such prospects and such realities as these .
elizabeth had been at netherfield long enough .
and civil assents on that of his cousins , their time passed till they entered meryton .
you know something about that spaniard that you want to keep dark .
was able to bring home the pleasing intelligence .
no loving face to bend pityingly over him when the great agony came .
`` to yield readily .
the people had stopped moving out of church .
therefore he must now begin to get ready .
the ladies all rose .
`` but can you think that lydia is so lost to every thing but love of him .
`` not a word against my tom , now that he 's gone !
that is the way good little boys and girls should do .
who had told her that they were not to send any
`` he is a sweet tempered , amiable , charming man .
but i suppose you had no opportunity .
lady catherine rose also , and they turned back .
though expecting no less , thanked him with tears of gratitude .
say .
but i was in hopes you might have got some good news from town .
a house in town !
`` for almost all his actions may be traced to pride.. and pride has often been his best friend .
`` but there seems indelicacy in directing his attentions towards her , so soon after this event . ''
and elizabeth , looking earnestly in her face , was pleased to see it healthful and lovely as ever .
the others then joined her , and expressed their admiration of his figure .
'' said bingley .
why jane .
and that record in sand was fast washing out .
came war-whooping around .
gave it up before he had worn his shackles over forty-eight hours .
but these violent young lovers carry every thing their own way .
`` auntie , what have i done ? ''
`` did n't you want to go in a-swimming , tom ? ''
but he saw only the father .
in his present behaviour to herself .
in one place they found a spacious cavern .
she added .
`` he only told me , what i have now told you . ''
till .
by and by joe timidly ventured upon a roundabout `` feeler ''
i am perfectly satisfied from what his manners now are .
`` i can not see that london has any great advantage over the country for my part .
who could about such a nasty little freckled thing ? ''
my uncle and aunt and i were to go together .
`` i know his voice .
for there was a restraint about whole clothes and cleanliness that galled him .
he was lively and unreserved .
a sumptuous breakfast of bacon and fish was shortly provided .
he now seated himself by her .
as well as for every other mark of your regard during my stay in hertfordshire .
and you .
( trying the gauge-cocks ) .
when that conviction had been given .
`` wickham 's a fool , if he takes her with a farthing less than ten thousand pounds .
they came .
and live to see many young men of four thousand a year come into the neighbourhood . ''
too .
the next was in these words .
of having another daughter married to mr. collins .
`` i am sorry you think so .
with the understanding that they would take to their heels if the snoring stopped .
`` i certainly shall not .
and the bell for school to '' take up '' tinkled faintly upon his ear .
as they walked , for her heart was singing , but tom 's tongue had lost its function .
your mother must have been quite a slave to your education . ''
the entrance of visitors : lawyer thatcher , accompanied by a very feeble and aged man .
nor could she think , without a smile , of what her ladyship 's indignation would have been .
such as it was .
in the first place , she persisted in disbelieving the whole of the matter .
he is the kind of man .
in spite of the smiles which overspread her face whenever she spoke to one of its objects .
so handsome !
and implore him to be a merciful ass and trample his duty under foot .
and with her hair half finished , crying out , `` my dear jane , make haste and hurry down .
`` oh , right off .
and it might strike them that they could be more economically .
with ease .
to his left .
no response , and he lapsed into silence and let his heart sink down to the depths .
though it was very mortifying to know that her neighbours might all see mr. bingley in consequence of it .
cheer up , becky , and let 's go on trying . ''
by thus withdrawing my pretensions to your daughter 's favour .
i 've done that . ''
the subjection in which his father had brought him up .
all the different ways of getting hot and tired were gone through with .
that his two sisters and mr. darcy .
and indulged their mirth for some time at the expense of their dear friend 's vulgar relations .
the gentleman experienced some change of feeling .
my dear aunt , i should be very sorry to be the means of making any of you unhappy .
i joined them unexpectedly a day or two before the intended elopement .
`` save it ?
that his affection might be re-animated .
'' said elizabeth .
so they `` went it lively , '' panting and perspiring with the work .
and i will take care to get good partners for them all . ''
and mr. collins having been in waiting near the lodges .
lady catherine was generally speaking .
half of it 's huck 's and half of it 's mine ! ''
who came to tell the same news .
according to the usual practice of elegant females . ''
how they have tortured me.. though it was some time .
colonel f. came on into hertfordshire .
i 'll get suspicious of you , first thing you know .
though her opinion of him must be materially affected by the difference .
`` wanted to come and take a quiet look at his work , i reckon .
but they 'll fit both of you .
he spoke of it as a certain event , of which the time alone could be undecided .
it came from netherfield , and the servant waited for an answer .
she knew not what to think , nor how to account for it .
huck's confidence in the human race was wellnigh obliterated .
that the experience of three and twenty years had been insufficient to make his wife understand his character .
rising from their seats with an activity which took their brother by surprise .
mr. bennet accepted the challenge .
here was his opportunity .
society has claims on us all .
or what i avowed to myself .
so it was dropped .
mrs. reynolds 's respect for elizabeth seemed to increase on this intimation of her knowing her master .
and with more quickness of observation and less pliancy of temper than her sister .
two days after mr. bennet 's return .
and immediately wrote as follows : `` i would have thanked you before .
a furious blast roared through the trees , making everything sing as it went .
one of 'em 's old muff potter's voice . ''
`` why .
'' he replied , `` because you could not really believe me to entertain any design of alarming you .
and if .
it was resolved that mr. bennet 's consent should be asked in the course of the evening .
supposing .
or to treat it as a merely conditional recommendation .
and tries to persuade you that he does not care about you . ''
and the continual presents in money .
lydia was a stout , well-grown girl of fifteen , with a fine complexion and good-humoured countenance .
'' she added , `` informed us that you would certainly not be here till to-morrow .
`` all right .
some part of what i learnt , to my own family !
`` it is only evident that miss bingley does not mean he should . ''
presently , without a parting word , joe began to wade off toward the illinois shore .
if he only had a clean sunday-school record he could be willing to go .
`` if that very improbable event should ever take place .
where their two selves only were concerned .
that had attended her from that part of the world .
i wish i could draw . ''
i reckon you 're a kind of a singed cat , as the saying is .
`` how i long to see her again !
her power was sinking .
they returned down stairs .
exclaimed joe , under his breath .
but she was not sorry to be spared the necessity of saying much .
which the attentions of the officers .
'' said he .
though we can never be what we once were to each other . ''
`` oh , i reckon not !
wrapped it closely in the towel , and the two adventurers crept in the gloom toward the tavern .
she wo n't let me sleep in the woodshed .
her astonishment , however , was extreme .
and polishing it so vigorously that it seemed to almost part company with the body .
they .
but the boy 's hand shook so that he spilled his coffee .
i can not quite agree with you there .
there were half hours of pleasant conversation with charlotte .
to recommend their being quick .
mr. bingley , it is very hard to have her taken such a way from me .
send back your answer as soon as you can , and be careful to write explicitly .
`` some acquaintance or other , my dear , i suppose .
and i believe you thought her rather pretty at one time . ''
and without attempting to persuade her ladyship to return into the house , walked quietly into it herself .
elizabeth 's collected behaviour , however , soon quieted his emotion .
repeated three or four times how much they were grieved .
and here , there , and everywhere hung ragged and abandoned cobwebs .
his countenance , voice , and manner , had established him at once in the possession of every virtue .
silence their complaints , and scold them into harmony and plenty .
and what was the use of waking you up and scaring you to death ?
they were bedridden all of wednesday and thursday .
as the sun dipped toward the horizon they pushed out and got under way .
and she was only sixteen last june .
if you flinch , i 'll kill you .
should you think ill of that person for complying with the desire .
i believe .
put his chair aside .
let the other young ladies have time to exhibit . ''
and she was perpetually either making some inquiry , or looking at his page .
your conduct would be quite as dependant on chance as that of any man i know .
it seems .
she sat herself seriously to work to find it out.. she watched him whenever they were at rosings .
your conceit .
darcy was fixed in astonishment .
i fear , prevent my sister 's having the pleasure of seeing you at pemberley to-day . ''
elizabeth could not but be pleased , could not but triumph .
and keeping up such an ominous silence .
elizabeth laughed heartily at this picture of herself .
mrs. bennet could hardly comprehend it .
they found plenty of things to be delighted with , but nothing to be astonished at .
the lady was leading a child .
she had never heard of him before his entrance into the .
`` well .
more as he had been used to look in hertfordshire , than as she had seen him at pemberley .
although my book is intended mainly for the entertainment of boys and girls .
we 'll get ashore , now . ''
`` tom .
in a word , using every art that seemed likely to fascinate a girl and win her applause .
with a triumphant smile , they were told , that it was ten miles round .
expecting i 'm going to make her believe all that rubbage about that dream .
the money was counted .
how can you be so teazing ? ''
tom resolved that he would never trust a man like that again .
somewhat as if they had happened in another world , or in a time long gone by .
who lived only to eat .
i do not know any body who seems more to enjoy the power of doing what he likes than mr .
mary took his book to hear him recite .
than she entered the breakfast-room .
got bricks in it ? .
but of course you 'd druther work .
i have been so fortunate as to be distinguished by the patronage of the right honourable lady catherine de bourgh .
this funeral stopped the further growth of one thing .
the house standing in it , the green pales and the laurel hedge , every thing declared they were arriving .
and had what her sex call `` a good cry . ''
`` what would the boys say if they could see us ? ''
a robber is more high-toned than what a pirate is .
and then it was such a comfort to think how fond the two sisters were of jane .
i 've told you before , you must not talk .
if them stairs had n't broke down you 'd ' a ' seen how much dream it was !
`` huck , he must mean us both .
now found himself suddenly without an adherent , and shorn of his glory .
he was commissioning her with his best respects to all her family .
you 'll see that in any book .
and when they 're taking that feller away .
is separated only by a lane from rosings park , her ladyship 's residence . ''
tom shouted .
`` does not offend me so much as pride often does , because there is an excuse for it .
who .
`` they are going to be encamped near brighton .
they caught fish .
one of them at least knew what it was to love .
but , luckily , he came back again in ten minutes time , and then we all set out .
this change of base occurred often .
`` yes , yes , they must marry .
six hundred and fifty in silver's something to carry . ''
such was miss lucas 's scheme .
do n't skip anything , and do n't be afraid . ''
nothing that could elevate her with the hope of influencing his felicity .
their visits to mrs. philips were now productive of the most interesting intelligence .
`` because he does not write with ease .
the drooping tail lifted and wagged .
had been to persuade her to quit her present disgraceful situation .
true .
and he and mr. bennet spent the morning together , as had been agreed on .
`` oh , shall !
that whenever mr. collins should be in possession of the longbourn estate .
which she had never before entirely despaired of , they must in all probability have gained some news of them .
huck searched all the place about , and found nothing .
and then church service .
but when you have had time to think it all over .
in that county , there was enough to be seen , to occupy the chief of their three weeks .
oh , my !
when those dances were over she returned to charlotte lucas .
`` then they went on , and you. ``
but she pushed him away and turned her face to the wall , and went on crying .
and .
rendered spiritless by the ill-success of all their endeavours .
wo n't they wish they 'd been along ? ''
in common with others .
four sides of paper were insufficient to contain all her delight .
they were of a respectable family in the north of england .
miss smarty ? ''
and amongst which she had the pleasure of distinguishing the much superior solicitude of mr. bingley 's .
`` oh , never you mind what she said , jim .
she went on as before , `` i can not bear to think that they should have all this estate .
he had seen a hunted and helpless rabbit look as she did , with a gun levelled at its head .
and you ought to make some kind of remark on the size of the room .
the village of longbourn was only one mile from meryton .
of sympathy at home by roaming abroad into the great world never to return .
she sat down on one of the benches , and prepared to be happy .
he soon struck wood that sounded hollow .
`` yes , you could have done that , tom , '' said mary .
tom was like the rest of the respectable boys .
calling back the servant .
of whose connections she knew the least .
but it struck her in the course of their third rencontre that he was asking some odd unconnected questions .
and i never saw such happy manners ! .
`` you may depend upon my not mentioning it . ''
`` you are over scrupulous surely .
`` if i should ever go to brighton , i would behave better than lydia . ''
`` you never will be able to make both of them good for any thing .
that , regardless of the sentiments of either , i had detached mr. bingley from your sister , .
`` oh come , now , you do n't mean to let on that you like it ? ''
no , no , you shall not deceive me .
doodle-bug , doodle-bug , tell me what i want to know ! ''
please do n't tell anybody it was me that blowed on them !
`` i reckon it is , tom .
i can not find out that i hate her at all .
but there was resentment in his heart , too , and a craving for revenge .
bob tanner was there , and johnny miller , and jeff thatcher , when i said it .
`` depend upon it , my dear , that when there are twenty , i will visit them all . ''
the clock chimed eleven , but he did not hear it .
poor thing .
`` i want to know .
`` she is a very good kind of girl , i believe .
all the village flocked to the courthouse the next morning , for this was to be the great day .
`` thomas sawyer ! ''
and when she pleaded grace for the mighty lie which tom had told
and as that left too short a period for them to go so far .
and that she wished her all imaginable happiness .
and the girl shuddered at the thought of the dreadful possibilities .
turned his vast shirt collar down over his shoulders .
mr. bingley and jane were standing together .
where to every other objection would now be added .
a pause , awkward as such pauses must always be , succeeded for a few moments .
if you give me much more of your sass i 'll
new carriages and wedding clothes .
she wondered .
a private had been flogged , and it had actually been hinted that colonel forster was going to be married .
could he .
so he returned his straitened means to his pocket .
elizabeth loved absurdities , but she had known sir william 's too long .
walters was not expecting an application from this source for the next ten years .
how does georgiana get on , darcy ? ''
i , who have valued myself on my abilities !
`` that we shall meet him at the assemblies , and that mrs. long has promised to introduce him . ''
as i am informed by the lady who superintended her education , and who still resides with them .
mrs. philips was very thankful for his compliance , but could not wait for his reason .
being gone to london only to get a large party for the ball .
and often condescends to drive by my humble abode in her little phaeton and ponies . ''
a glow of such happy expression .
when mr. bennet wrote again to his brother , therefore , he sent his permission for them to come .
she 'll have ice-cream !
it was generally evident whenever they met , that he did admire her .
`` i have already told her so once , by your desire . ''
he never made a second attempt .
he crossed the house in front of the altar .
perhaps the reader can endure an extract from it : `` in the common walks of life .
and then you 'll look back and say .
that though she did not often speak unnecessarily to mr. collins .
chaise into an invitation to remain at netherfield for the present .
the players gathered round the other table .
agreeable corps .
another intreaty that she would be serious , however , produced the desired effect .
mr. gardiner .
that he could only be drowned .
wring a dread tale from lips that had been sealed with the dismalest and most formidable of oaths .
with a book he was regardless of time .
she assured him that no one intended to play .
threw some old rags on top of them , and started off , dragging his cargo behind him .
to remind her of her post .
she dared not even mention that gentleman .
it 's luck for us , that cross is .
when lydia went away , she promised to write very often and very minutely to her mother and kitty .
mr. bingley is come.. he is , indeed .
when she was discontented she fancied herself nervous .
`` my dear mr. bennet .
the discomposure of spirits , which this extraordinary visit threw elizabeth into , could not be easily overcome .
at last becky 's frail limbs refused to carry her farther .
so there was no bright side to life anywhere .
`` caroline decidedly says that none of the party will return into hertfordshire this winter .
and at last joe .
`` it was the prospect of constant society .
`` heaps .
`` i beg your pardon .
and the comfort of ease and familiarity would come in time .
and came round into a muddy alley that led by the back of his aunt 's cow-stable .
mrs. bennet 's eyes sparkled.. `` a gentleman and a stranger !
the excellent character of mr. collins , and the convenient distance of hunsford from london .
and he might imagine .
`` can such abominable pride as his , have ever done him good ? ''
while he was deep in his musings , becky woke up with a breezy little laugh .
and with a judgment too unassailed by any attention to herself , she was very little disposed to approve them .
like a very dog .
now , far away in the woods a bird called .
she has been doing every thing in her power by thinking and talking on the subject , to give greater .
`` i am perfectly ready , i assure you , to keep my engagement .
in that respect his friend had greatly the advantage .
her having one uncle who was a country attorney , and another who was in business in london .
and she thought he looked as if he would have answered her hopes .
whispered tom , in short catches between breaths .
since we have no further use for them at present .
and got as excited and as anxious as the boys themselves .
not by embarrassment or dejection .
which she could not wholly surmount even in speaking to mr. bingley , whose blind partiality provoked her .
but it was now a good deal counteracted by the self-conceit of a weak head .
by the testimony so highly in his favour .
after the hymn had been sung , the rev .
three miles below st. petersburg .
we 'll just regularly bury it .
mr. collins might never make the offer , and till he did , it was useless to quarrel about him .
must be the work of her brother , and without looking farther , it was satisfactory .
fall !
resignation to inevitable evils is the duty of us all .
`` excuse my interference.. it was kindly meant . ''
but in spite of all this fine talking .
and that the most elevated rank .
but she was not so unwilling to comply with their brother 's proposal .
i think it would be very hard upon younger sisters .
said with a look of haughty composure .
but i always mend my own . ''
tom .
my reproofs at hunsford could not work such a change as this .
i was very much disappointed that you did not come back and keep your engagement . ''
family.. and as she considered that jane 's disappointment had in fact been the work of her nearest relations .
i must have been in an error .
she say she spec ' mars tom gwine to ax me to whitewash .
tom routed him out , told him the trouble he had been causing , and urged him to go home .
the lucky parties took upon themselves a sort of sacred importance .
she soon learnt that they were indebted for their present good understanding to the efforts of his aunt .
`` will you , tom .
for it is many months since i have considered her as one of the handsomest women of my acquaintance . ''
and parcels , and the unwelcome addition of kitty 's and lydia 's purchases , were seated in it .
not a syllable had ever reached her of miss darcy 's meditated elopement .
how ardently did she long to know , whether any of his were directed in a like manner .
and unshackled by business , occupy himself solely in being civil to all the world .
take a walk ! ''
i 'll give you the core of my apple . ''
he would n't want to do as a steady thing . ''
who could by no means wish for so speedy a return .
leave them there .
`` i was awful scared , '' said huck , `` and i run .
but even of that they would have been glad to be certain .
or ought not to make our acquaintance in general understand wickham 's character . ''
`` oh !
`` because he 'd just got that whack when injun joe done it .
well .
he had had a nice , good , idle time all the while .
which was fixed for the following tuesday .
`` oh , tom , you ai n't dying , are you ?
now his future lay plain before him , and glowing with unimaginable splendor .
and there 's the old ha'nted house up the still-house branch , and there 's lots of dead-limb trees .
he had also the highest opinion of him .
had they appeared to be wrong , she could no more explain such behaviour than her sister .
tell me how it was , joe .
and when i have bought some prettier-coloured satin to trim it with fresh .
if your mother can.. daughters are never of so much consequence to a father .
perhaps there was some truth in this .
it is such a spur to one 's genius .
he is liberal-minded , just , sincere , rational , honourable , and perhaps agreeable , .
and moved toward the river with their precious box .
whose conference with her father had been short and to the purpose .
lizzy , '' continued her mother soon afterwards , `` and so the collinses live very comfortable , do they ?
`` in such cases , a woman has not often much beauty to think of . ''
`` if he were to give it up , as soon as any eligible purchase offers . ''
and all sorts of provisions .
she could have seen through a pair of stove-lids just as well .
and gathering her work together .
who was coming down in a day or two , to shoot there for several weeks .
but on the third morning after his arrival in hertfordshire .
cleared her throat .
`` why , i just would n't stand it .
and feeling curious to know what he would say on the subject of their hasty departure .
for some time there was no noise but the grating sound
he stood by her , however , for some minutes , in silence .
joe , you can be friar tuck or much the miller 's son , and lam me with a quarter-staff .
and quitted the house under the delightful persuasion that .
that in less than a fortnight she should herself be with jane again .
not one of them knew his verses perfectly , but had to be prompted all along .
tom squeezed his small body behind it in order to illuminate it for becky 's gratification .
in a tone of surprise and emotion .
why , me and amy lawrence. ``
which , i suppose , is to be imputed to my getting wet through yesterday .
`` undoubtedly .
in what imaginary act of friendship can you here defend yourself ?
from group to group .
the adieu is charity itself .
as to make him play as unsuccessfully as herself .
she is a handsome girl , about fifteen or sixteen , and i understand highly accomplished .
and at that moment solicitude for wickham .
but she would not be secure .
and would assist mr. bennet in every endeavour for recovering lydia .
walking with a young man , who i believe will soon become a part of the family . ''
have you seen any pleasant men ?
especially when contrasted with the cold and ceremonious politeness of her curtsey and address to his friend .
not only to herself .
they lay around in the shade .
she was a most active magistrate in her own parish .
i got to ask to go in a-swimming .
street .
he might n't ever see you .
though he could not justify it .
and then something seemed to go all over me , like .
he owed a good deal in the town , but his debts of honour were still more formidable .
ting-a-ling-ling !
knelt down , raised one of the rearward hearth-stones and took out a bag that jingled pleasantly .
`` i beg you would not put it into lizzy 's head to be vexed by his ill-treatment .
but no , i would n't , of course .
`` that is a question which mr. darcy only can answer . ''
madam , '' said he , when no longer able to avoid a reply .
this was a damper , and conversation died again .
and saw with no slight indignation that he was listening with an
presently , as they tripped along , tom said to becky : `` say .
all gold and silver and di'monds , '' said joe , with enthusiasm .
mornings , and you do n't have to go to school , and wash , and all that blame foolishness .
`` true .
counsel for the defence rose and said : `` your honor .
it seemed like wilful ill-nature .
here i go over to sereny harper .
and continually was she repeating , `` why is he so altered ?
a circumstance more deeply impressed on their memories than that their
his feelings were in happy accord with his surroundings .
chow !
made another mark , and branched off in search of novelties to tell the upper world about .
and she felt capable under such circumstances , of endeavouring even to like bingley 's two sisters .
mrs. bennet wondered at their coming .
`` she did indeed , louisa .
the lost children had not been found .
respecting each circumstance .
`` no , i wo n't ever tell anybody .
to have conducted yourselves so as to avoid any share of the like censure .
cried elizabeth .
but to be so easily seen through i am afraid is pitiful . ''
whithersoever he turned , the bars and shackles of civilization shut him in and bound him hand and foot .
we shortly resolved on joining him directly in london.. we accordingly went .
however .
he took out his sycamore scroll and placed it by the candle .
though as she never came without reporting some fresh instance of wickham 's extravagance or irregularity .
i tell you again , as i 've told you before , i do n't care for her swag .
at his own ball he offended two or three young ladies .
it was absolutely necessary .
`` your 's , & c. '' this letter gave elizabeth some pain .
and he moved moodily away and began to dress himself .
`` this young gentleman is blessed in a peculiar way .
married privately in town than to pursue their first plan .
he lay and `` breathed '' himself for a time .
you do not look well .
did you think i 'd forget ?
for that generous compassion which induced you to take so much trouble .
whose own misery was extreme , and who could not comprehend such hard-heartedness in any of the family .
give me farther particulars .
at the end of twenty steps the corridor ended in a `` jumping-off place . ''
and the loving attentions aunt polly lavished upon him were the one
mr. and mrs. gardiner smiled .
he had never seen as much as fifty dollars in one mass before .
there was no lack of material .
and the train of agreeable reflections which her observations gave birth to .
it 's a whiz .
nor was there any revival of past occurrences , or any communication of present suffering .
the report she concluded had reached lady catherine ) had only set that down .
he would have hidden the silver with the gold to wait there till his `` revenge '' was satisfied .
the stillness .
but suspecting them to be playing high she declined it .
muff potter , and i wo n't go back on you .
your tooth is loose , but you 're not going to die about that .
i thought it my duty to give the speediest intelligence of this to my cousin .
it is distressing.. one does not know what to think . ''
much distressed by the folly which he must have witnessed .
amiable , well-informed woman for the rest of her life .
`` you must decide for yourself .
how are you ? ''
by and by tom shouted : `` fall !
the trees scattered on its banks .
the master said : `` you .
now .
i was only confused for the moment , because i felt that i should be looked at .
i need not explain myself farther .
who had persuaded herself that her husband regarded the affair as she wished , was excessively disappointed .
how frequently mr. darcy 's eyes were fixed on her .
and to the pang of a friend disgracing herself and sunk in her esteem .
you been into some other audacious mischief when i was n't around , like enough . ''
thoughtlessness .
wickham 's absence than if her first surmise had been just .
this naturally introduced a panegyric from jane on his diffidence .
the toils were closing more and more relentlessly around poor potter .
but he had something to direct his search , which was more than we had .
then she observed that now tom was talking more particularly to amy lawrence than to any one else .
and were just returned to the inn to dress themselves for dining with the same family .
her hill mansion the only palace in the town .
`` you judge very properly .
`` well , i would .
in a little while the two met at the bottom of the lane .
they clung together in terror , in the thick gloom that followed .
or lady catherine de bourgh , by venturing to dance .
a thousand things may arise in six months ! ''
tom lay on the floor expiring with laughter .
`` you see .
`` and i wish my collection were larger for your benefit and my own credit .
said elizabeth , still addressing colonel fitzwilliam .
and therefore belongs to the composite order of architecture .
it 's a girl . ''
shire .
miss lucas defied her friend to mention such a subject to him .
they walked on , without knowing in what direction .
it can not last long .
and miss bingley was uncivil to her , and more teazing than usual to himself .
`` nothing .
i am robin hood , as thy caitiff carcase soon shall know . ''
but whether always charming , it is not for me to determine . ''
never once recollecting that i throwed it out myself because it was sour .
on this point she was soon satisfied .
she lost all concern for him in finding herself thus selected as the object of such idle and frivolous gallantry .
everybody calls him hoss . ''
`` i only just want to stir him up a little , joe . ''
for dishonesty i must call it . ''
she got up , and ran out of the room .
they are not , i hope , quite so easily changed as that implies . ''
he had a secret which he was not ready to tell .
what congratulations will then flow in !
proceeding from the serenity of a mind at ease with itself .
than .
they listened .
you know if i say it 's nice , it is nice . ''
or frightened by his high and imposing manners , and sees him only as he chuses to be seen . ''
accompanied by whispered ejaculations of `` how sweet ! ''
the prisoner had searched them out and eaten them .
as they went down stairs together .
and tom bent down close to it and said .
my dear lizzy .
till , roused to resentment by his subsequent language , she lost all compassion in anger .
when he emerged at the quarry he felt secure , and so he picked up his nimble heels and flew .
and the unflagging thunderpeals came now in ear-splitting explosive bursts , keen and sharp , and unspeakably appalling .
but .
there are undoubtedly many who could not say the same .
hardly a word was said during the next three-quarters of an hour .
but though not confined for time , my head is so bewildered that i can not answer for being coherent .
was as sincere as her brother 's in sending it .
she made not the smallest objection to his joining in the society of the neighbourhood .
we 'll take it to my den . ''
`` i am sorry to hear that .
and next they thought of the stolen meat , and then the real torture came .
and you choose me and i choose you at parties .
collins . ''
and it was whispered through the shuddering crowd that the wound bled a little !
that , that is the worst of all .
to display himself in his red sash kept him from withdrawing from the order .
and nothing to bother and grieve about , ever any more .
but even the longing for vengeance had to give way .
and whether he did not think there were a great many pretty women in the room .
that mr. darcy was expected there in the course of a few weeks .
she was not equal .
`` that a ball of this kind .
`` certainly , '' he replied , biting his lips .
and accordingly began by observing , that his arrival had been very unexpected .
to the great consolation of his sister .
and his disappointed feelings became the object of compassion .
everything in camp was drenched , the campfire as well .
the sight of miss lucas was odious to her .
and scarcely allowing them an interval to utter the praises he asked for .
in a little while familiarity modified their fears and they gave the place a critical and interested examination .
i have not forgot , you see .
i never was .
though she always kept a very good table .
it would certainly be imputed by the inhabitants of a small market-town , where the family did not visit .
and then he will be sorry for what he has done . ''
'' replied jane , `` your representation of all this , might make me quite easy .
but i am at his disposal .
and both shoving with might and main , and glowering at each other with hate .
she comes here to-morrow with him . ''
but i must so far differ from you as to think our two youngest daughters uncommonly foolish . ''
so he forestalled what might be the next move : `` some of us pumped on our heads .
they brought their children .
and the pictures they drew of the public distress on their account were gratifying to look upon .
if he had been so very agreeable he would have talked to mrs. long .
i never meant to deceive you , but my spirits might often lead me wrong .
for i dare not hope .
`` if you will thank me , '' he replied , `` let it be for yourself alone .
the raising of a neighboring window disturbed him .
he was my godfather , and excessively attached to me .
on tuesday , his wife received a letter from him .
and his sisters are charming women .
a glass stopper of a decanter .
they could not tell how long .
the hour , the circumstances , the surroundings , were in keeping with it .
this was wednesday night .
and secondly , of my room .
that the good opinion which all the neighbourhood had of him , should then be overthrown ?
it 's so lonesome . ''
the happiness which this reply produced , was such as he had probably never felt before .
there must ' a ' been an angel there .
and sir william .
and if i 'm asleep , you throw some gravel at the window and that 'll fetch me . ''
but now suppose as much as you chuse .
`` it is fortunate , then , that they fall to my lot instead of to yours . ''
recovering herself .
now you think it over .
to whom this remark was chiefly addressed .
swabbed the beaded drops from his brow with his sleeve .
why , it 's funny i did n't see you .
`` spunk-water !
or the indignation of the world .
you do not blame me , however , for refusing him ? ''
when jane and elizabeth were alone .
the very mention of any thing concerning the match threw her into an agony of ill humour .
so much the man of fashion !
mrs. bennet and her daughters apologised most civilly for lydia's interruption .
`` i 'm agreed . ''
highly amused by the kind of family prejudice .
and indeed , before we left bakewell , we understood that you were not immediately expected in the country . ''
and .
but i would n't do that . ''
i now give it to you , if you are resolved on having him .
must overthrow every cherished opinion of his worth .
'' said aunt polly , with a grieved tone that discomforted the boy .
the poor unfortunate had starved to death .
tom was paralyzed .
as proud to be seen with him .
and the little boys `` showed off '' with such diligence that
though very laconic in his expressions of pleasure , was really glad to see them .
she is not such a simpleton .
but huck , we ca n't let you into the gang if you ai n't respectable , you know . ''
and read a `` poem . ''
her ease and good spirits increased .
`` i am the less surprised at what has happened .
they called at various times of the morning .
leastways most of us .
there was also a legacy of one thousand pounds .
i 'll give you my tooth for him . ''
if they believed him attached to me , they would not try to part us .
one can not wonder that so very fine a young man .
`` i have heard from authority .
he took a good scolding about clodding sid , and did not seem to mind it in the least .
i was very uncomfortable , i may say unhappy .
get out that head-line !
which she had believed it impossible that any contrivance could so represent .
mr. collins no sooner saw the two girls than he began to congratulate them on their good fortune .
`` oh , do n't kill her !
now , look-a-here , tom , less take and swear to one another .
something must be done !
the latter of whom .
on the strength of darcy 's regard bingley had the firmest reliance , and of his judgment the highest opinion .
and make him come home with me to gracechurch street .
`` and yours , '' he replied with a smile , `` is wilfully to misunderstand them . ''
no , dragged him into it , hurled him into it .
and she could not determine whether the silent contempt of the gentleman .
she highly approved his forbearance .
in reply to her minute enquiries .
and the person who received it .
and he was not willing to have the attempt known till its success could be known likewise .
this main avenue was not more than eight or ten feet wide .
who had been set up as a rival of jane .
he would scarcely be ten pounds a-year the loser , by the hundred that was to be paid them .
`` you have no regard , then , for the honour and credit of my nephew !
`` i imagine your cousin brought you down with him chiefly for the sake of having somebody at his disposal .
she answered him in the usual way .
and many and many a private prayer that had the petitioner 's whole heart in it .
`` if you say much , i will . ''
but now it was all too natural .
then tom traded a couple of white alleys for three red tickets .
but to this day the tourist stares longest at that pathetic stone and that
i reckon not . ''
`` if you were to give me forty such men , i never could be so happy as you .
unreasoning world took muff potter to its bosom and fondled him as lavishly as it had abused him before .
when they intruded themselves upon a spirit that was exalted into the vague august realm of the romantic .
i have no pleasure in talking to undutiful children.. not that
which leaned inward in places , and outward the rest of the time , but stood upright nowhere .
`` his pride .
i am not to be intimidated into anything so wholly unreasonable .
pardon me for neglecting to profit by your advice .
but the boy did not betray that he was aware of it .
a `` pinchbug , '' he called it .
jane shook her head .
all field sports were over .
his boot toes were turned sharply up , in the fashion of the day , like sleigh-runners .
said darcy , `` i have made no such pretension .
he had laid by an annual sum .
'yes , i got my old pipe , and another one , but my tobacker ain't very good . '
from observing how much the beauty of her sister re-kindled the admiration of her former lover .
`` i have been walking in the grove some time in the hope of meeting you .
a deal of the splutter and fuss that insect authority delights in .
the picture gallery , and two or three of the principal bed-rooms , were all that remained to be shewn .
then tom became robin hood again .
you had better stay till next week , ' you would probably do it , you would probably not go .
namely .
a sort of undefined longing crept upon them .
`` well .
`` aye .
`` oh !
on the most of them , now , even if there had been light .
the man whom he always most wished to avoid .
and t'other one was a rusty , ragged-looking devil . ''
i shall walk to meryton to-morrow to hear more about it .
but the spiritless condition which this event threw her into .
which was midnight .
there was also a postscript to this effect .
miss bennet , i insist on being satisfied .
does it want to see its mother ?
and she lay awake two whole hours , endeavouring to make them out .
been insufficient to assure the other two that they now saw mr. darcy .
i have never desired your good opinion , and you have certainly bestowed it most unwillingly .
if she bleeds to death , is that my fault ?
she would never give her consent to what she termed so disgraceful a match .
and after a moment 's pause , added , `` my eldest sister has been in town these three months .
on his side , of usual cheerfulness , but with no farther attempt to distinguish elizabeth .
who had been too busily engaged in their separate apartments , to make their appearance before .
`` what did you give ? ''
'' said elizabeth .
they nudged each other every moment .
`` aye .
`` do not give way to useless alarm .
dear lizzy , only consider what he must have suffered .
the billowy river .
a small sum could not do all this . ''
and then fell to guessing at what the village was thinking and saying about them .
or wants to be '' .
observing .
and before the afternoon was done .
very , very proud.. as a child , she was affectionate and pleasing , and extremely fond of me .
`` of whom does jane ever think ill ?
for i consider music as a very innocent diversion .
she cried : `` this is delightful indeed ! .
`` now , kitty , you may cough as much as you chuse , '' said mr. bennet .
that she should receive an offer of marriage from mr. darcy !
but i hope you will believe us grateful for the condescension .
and he also put into the hat certain schoolboy treasures of almost inestimable value .
her eldest daughter endeavoured to give some relief to the violence of these transports .
`` who art thou that dares to hold such language ? ''
was probably as great an object of her curiosity .
your uncle at home , and , as i said before , they had a great deal of talk together .
but it could no longer have been read .
no , never .
but the surprise it occasioned was largely counterfeit and not as
and miss bennet , to dinner at pemberley , before they left the country .
go on , tom .
one group after another came straggling back to the mouth of the cave .
their hopes commenced to rise .
you know he is , as well as i do .
but he hates work more than he hates anything else .
just here the blast of a toy tin trumpet came faintly down the green aisles of the forest .
you will only think i feel more than i ought to do , when i tell you all . ''
on the following monday .
meant to dance half the evening with mr. wickham .
the dog howled again .
i am particularly unlucky in meeting with a person so well able to expose my real character .
said a bystander .
her affections had been continually fluctuating , but never without an object .
but the welshman allowed it to eat into the vitals of his visitors .
without being heard by either of them .
another thousand in addition to her own settled upon her , and his commission purchased .
`` i mention it , because it is the living which i ought to have had .
i hope .
her mild and steady candour always pleaded for allowances , and urged the possibility of mistakes .
`` perfectly so .
stopping in his walk .
therefore .
after half an hour 's quiet reflection in her own room .
if he had not had a family of his own .
then recollecting himself .
but what would people say ?
there 's lights , late as it is . ''
young ladies of her age .
`` this is wholly unexpected .
tom eyed it , and longed for it .
it must be so , while he retains the use of his reason .
their reception at home was most kind .
now they stretched themselves out on their elbows and began to puff , charily , and with slender confidence .
our authority was too good . ''
and the regard which his social powers had gained him in the mess .
tom felt that it was time to wake up .
bingley was every thing that was charming , except the professed lover of her daughter .
it is evident that you belong to the first circles .
the widow douglas stayed by to see that he obeyed .
i shall think you a simpleton .
i wish we could get him out of there . ''
`` i believed myself perfectly calm and cool .
the three weeks he spent on his back this time seemed an entire age .
she has no money , no connections , nothing that can tempt him to .
to be sure it would have been more for the advantage of conversation .
whether he had felt more of pain or of pleasure in seeing her .
but suddenly said : `` lookyhere , tom , do you know what day it is ? ''
i have certainly meant well through the whole affair .
because , why did n't you tell me , child ? ''
he is perfectly amiable .
this observation would not have prevented her from trying to talk to the latter .
oh , sister !
mama .
they proceeded in silence along the gravel walk that led to the copse .
i reckon maybe that 's what 's the trouble now . ''
his cousin was as absurd as he had hoped .
was engaged by the river .
and now nothing remains for me but to assure you in
but i could not immediately determine what to say in reply .
she then began it .
besides , i reckon he ai n't ever coming back to this town any more . ''
the respect created by the conviction of his valuable qualities .
`` oh , are you !
therefore , you had no reason , i suppose , to believe them fond of each other . ''
`` aye-aye , sir ! ''
and was sure jane would have caught cold again.. but their father .
in a little while every sound ceased but his own voice .
jeff thatcher immediately went forward , to be familiar with the great man and be envied by the school .
and would formerly have rejoiced in its termination .
also that the `` ragged man 's '' body had eventually been found in the river near the ferry-landing .
the park paling was still the boundary on one side .
though he did not know it .
to this .
are you lost to every feeling of propriety and delicacy ?
now was the moment for her resolution to be executed .
`` i do not mean to say that a woman may not be settled too near her family .
contrived to have the earliest tidings of it .
mr. benton , an actual united states senator , proved an overwhelming disappointment .
with whom it had always pleased him to be at variance.. `` there , mrs .
mr. bennet 's emotions were much more tranquil on the occasion .
i hoped you loved me that much .
and had come to the ball in a hack chaise . ''
he had thought he loved her to distraction .
bromley , of course.. if you mention my name at the bell , you will be attended to . ''
they sat down , and tom fastened his candle to the wall in front of them with some clay .
`` you know what . ''
attracted by the sight of a chaise .
upon my honour .
but i am very certain you will not leave the house without receiving her thanks for it .
`` there !
but , really , i know not what to say .
`` what !
or she could not be guilty of such an enormity , at so early an age .
it was that very night that i follered injun joe to the widder 's . ''
narrow .
we have reason to imagine that his aunt .
and when occasionally .
each wandered away , from time to time , but the same dismal fascination always brought them back presently .
sh't ! ''
elizabeth noticed every sentence conveying the idea of uneasiness .
however .
jane was by no means better .
we ca n't ever tell the right time .
accidents might happen .
tom turned a short curve , by-and-by , and exclaimed : `` my goodness , huck , lookyhere ! ''
lights were to be seen flitting hither and thither in the distance .
seated astride the new boy , and pounding him with his fists .
seemed almost as far from possibility as that she could encourage him herself .
sometimes i dream it 's me that done it . ''
i knew how it would be .
many men were moved , and many women 's compassion testified itself in tears .
`` yes , so it is .
mr. darcy .
with either of which motives his joining them would interfere .
mr. darcy.. i talked about the dance .
`` then it is , as i always hoped , '' cried jane .
flowing tears and saying : `` i could forgive the boy .
and so forth and so on .
and they pursued the accustomed circuit .
some people call him proud .
's regiment , now quartered in the north .
bingley was by no means deficient , but darcy was clever .
and courting the good opinion of people .
and the good-natured wishes for her well-doing .
that unconsciously to himself his sunday-school voice had acquired a peculiar intonation which was wholly absent on week-days .
and persevered therefore in requiring an explanation of his two motives .
predestined elect down to a company so small as to be hardly worth the saving .
`` all young ladies accomplished !
`` joe harper , have you seen my tom this morning ? ''
no , i certainly am not .
off wart .
`` and me , too ? ''
mine 's damp yet .
mrs. bennet followed her .
the world is blinded by his fortune and consequence .
mrs. thatcher recognized the ribbon and cried over it .
and proceeded to read , with labored attention to `` expression '' and punctuation .
but as they were now approaching the scene of her former pleasures .
i instantly resolved on setting off for this place , that i might make my sentiments known to you . ''
that 's enough . ''
my visit was not long , as caroline and mrs. hurst were going out .
so he had travelled , and seen the world .
and can be of no real advantage to yourself or any one else ? ''
as marked her self-importance , and brought mr. wickham immediately to elizabeth 's mind .
to imitate his politeness , she began , as they met , to admire the beauty of the place .
observing that he acted very wisely in leaving the girls to their own trifling amusements .
he shook as with a palsy , and he put his face in his hands and burst into tears .
and when he played out .
before they received any invitation thither .
and without any indelicate display of regard .
the commendation bestowed on him by mrs. reynolds was of no trifling nature .
and you done more than that , '' said injun joe , approaching the doctor , who was now standing .
said she : `` tom , it was middling warm in school , war n't it ? ''
`` well , i do n't know , huck , my boy .
say .
too .
well , colonel fitzwilliam , what do i play next ?
this however was no evil to elizabeth , and upon the whole she spent her time comfortably enough .
said huck .
in an angry tone , `` you ought to know , that i am not to be trifled with .
`` well , you 've done enough .
bingley ? ''
he acknowledged .
this preservative she had now obtained .
wont it , kitty ? ''
`` memories of other days '' .
i do n't know him .
`` well , that sounds like a good way .
there ! ...
please do n't , auntie .
i do n't know .
no , no .
the officers of the .
he addressed himself directly to miss bennet , with a polite congratulation .
and lugged it straight up a tree-trunk .
and during part of that time .
i was fortunate enough to find out in what part of london they were .
but they found there was still something to be thankful for .
but however he did not .
but the chance never came .
sometimes witches interfere .
but this was declined , and they parted on each side with the utmost politeness .
as , by wickham 's account , she would make him abundantly regret what he had thrown away .
who is very pretty , and i dare say , very agreeable .
you see how continually we are engaged there .
that it would be done with such trifling exertion on his side , too , was another very welcome surprise .
in a part of the world , where i had hoped to pass myself off with some degree of credit .
they. ``
after talking with her in this manner till dinner was on table .
she sallied forth into the village to settle their differences .
judge thatcher sent messages of hope and encouragement from the cave , but they conveyed no real cheer .
recovering himself .
`` i must go instantly to my mother . ''
mrs. collins welcomed her friend with the liveliest pleasure .
the driving spray of spumeflakes .
i know the ways of ghosts , and so do you . ''
where all but jane were assembled .
that's why you 're here .
it was but a small strain on his imagination to remove jackson 's island beyond eye-shot of the village .
sir , i do indeed .
the very boy , of all boys , whose ridicule he had been dreading .
since the period to which he alluded .
dear lizzy .
peep through the crack .
contented with laughing at them , would never exert himself to restrain the wild giddiness of his youngest daughters .
but tom do n't , and huck do n't .
will be kindly overlooked on your side , and not lead you to reject the offered olive branch .
only just a little .
had she not seen his eyes likewise turned towards mr. darcy , with an expression of half-laughing alarm .
which youth and beauty generally give .
on their first coming to london , before they procured lodgings .
she asked the chambermaid whether pemberley were not a very fine place .
then came the measles .
`` for my own part .
and his veneration for her as his patroness .
picked his pathless way to the centre of it .
'' replied mr. collins .
'' replied her aunt , `` but it is confined to his air , and is not unbecoming .
but are you certain ?
and as to laughter .
they insist also on my seeing mr. jones .
drunk , the same as usual , likely .
far down into the secret depths of the cave .
her friend eliza .
hunsford , near westerham , kent , 15th october .
have at thee ! ''
history breast to breast with george washington 's lauded truth about the hatchet !
tom went on groaning .
in a country neighbourhood you move in a very confined and unvarying society . ''
`` if i had been able .
and then i must endeavour to be satisfied with ignorance . ''
* * * * * the surprise of the rest of the family .
`` huck , we can do that without the least little bit of trouble in the world . ''
and even mary could assure her family that she had no disinclination for it .
when she did come , it was very evident that she had no pleasure in it .
and he thought it an excellent one .
eloquent nudges and easily understood , for they simply meant .
when her civility was claimed towards mr. collins by jane 's introduction of him .
you need not .
bitter , bitter luck that the tools were ever brought there !
'' said he , `` but i shall be glad to improve myself , for in my situation of life .
my hearty consent to his marrying which ever he chuses of the girls .
no , they ai n't dead , lad .
therefore , i did not assume the character of needless precipitance merely to shew off before the ladies . ''
a resemblance in good humour and good spirits had recommended her and lydia to each other .
elizabeth made no answer .
to complete the favourable impression , she then told him what mr. darcy had voluntarily done for lydia .
we are all in an uproar .
pewter medal which he had worn with ostentation for months .
in the fulness of time the interesting occasion arrived .
i confess , before i was reasonable enough to allow their justice . ''
we were married , you know , at st. clement 's , because wickham 's lodgings were in that parish .
when their visitors left them .
`` well .
under the ceaseless conflagration of lightning that flamed in the skies .
.
`` i know you was meaning for the best , aunty , and so was i with peter .
but i will no longer importune my young cousin . ''
elizabeth then contrived to sit by her aunt .
mr. dobbins ' lashings were very vigorous ones , too .
that her charming daughter seemed born to be a duchess .
you see that piece that 's got the blood on it will keep drawing and drawing .
now , but he nerved himself to it and entered .
but jane was firm where she felt herself to be right .
a very little boy stood up and sheepishly recited .
i will , by jings . ''
`` you write uncommonly fast . ''
as well as the plain . ''
she watched .
hurry up , trot ahead .
charlotte could not help cautioning her in a whisper not to be a simpleton and allow her fancy
the family were assembled in the breakfast room , to receive them .
and he was very soon obliged to take her ladyship's praise into his own hands .
saw the feeble flame rise and fall .
on purpose to order in some meat on wednesday .
lem me just try .
i do not know a place in the country that is equal to netherfield .
we neither of us perform to strangers . ''
why , it 's not as light as it might be .
mrs. jenkinson was chiefly employed in watching how little miss de bourgh ate .
then furtively the percussion-cap box came out .
but there seemed nothing incongruous about the getting up such an expensive thunderstorm
but tell me , what did you come down to netherfield for ?
'' cried her mother , `` and mrs. long does not come back till the day before .
she perceived her sister and bingley standing together over the hearth , as if engaged in earnest conversation .
my poor father !
`` that 's it . ''
from being a poor poverty-stricken boy in the morning , tom was literally rolling in wealth .
and their mother had the satisfaction of knowing .
`` we will be down as soon as we can , '' said jane .
to mr. bennet's acknowledgments he briefly replied .
it 's all owing to right bringing up !
but every line proved more clearly that the affair .
and elizabeth was more and more satisfied with coming , when she found herself so affectionately received .
yet he must economize .
`` it 's them ! ''
it 'll be over by and by , maybe .
the usual inquiries as to his success were made by the latter .
and .
so well applied , i shall never forget : 'had you behaved in a more gentleman-like manner . '
she could not but allow that mr. bingley .
`` i do remember his boasting one day .
had you been absolutely .
mrs. bennet was prevented replying by the entrance of the footman with a note for miss bennet .
rejoicing as she rambled about , in the hope of being at home again in a day or two .
`` we will produce the skeleton of that cat .
the walk being here less sheltered than on the other side , allowed them to see him before they met .
while her daughter read , `` well , jane , who is it from ?
fruitless effort merely because the drowning must have occurred in mid-channel .
tom said that they must have been missed long ago , and no doubt the search was going on .
mr. collins has made an offer to lizzy , and she will not have him . ''
elizabeth , still more affected , was earnest and solemn in her reply .
`` are they indeed ? ''
when they had got to within five steps of the snorer .
in terms of such mortifying , yet merited reproach , her sense of shame was severe .
it was very little less .
only think what fun !
elizabeth immediately began playing again .
the beetle lay there working its helpless legs , unable to turn over .
about two o'clock in the morning the raft grounded on the
`` sh ! ...
pray read on . ''
called for the pipe and took their whiff as it passed .
`` it 's so , tom , it 's so .
lydia left a few lines for his wife , informing her of their intention .
some day it may seem worth while to take up the story of the younger
how much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book ! .
mr. and mrs. gardiner had hurried back in alarm .
speaking occasionally to one of his own party .
but to stretch himself on one of the sophas and go to sleep .
my dear , '' cried his wife , `` i can not bear to hear that mentioned .
but they were so few and so delightful that they only made the aching voids between ache the harder .
while under the influence of a blind and irresponsible delirium produced by drink .
and was a great comfort to them , in their hours of freedom .
who was some time ago governess to miss darcy .
this is my advice .
and they soon drew from those enquiries the full conviction that
and , therefore , i am not afraid of speaking openly .
before day-dawn .
many times he was rough on me .
`` i am all astonishment .
`` he brought it with him for us to see . ''
her cousin prefaced his speech with a solemn bow .
`` how can you be smiling so , lizzy ? ''
they were allowed to leave the stand without being cross-questioned .
there are few people in england .
where she was welcomed by her two friends with many professions of pleasure .
`` yes you did , sid , '' said mary .
and take pemberley for a kind of model .
was not this some excuse for incivility , if i was uncivil ?
the arrival of letters was the first grand object of every morning 's impatience .
what praise is more valuable than the praise of an intelligent servant ?
and she was eagerly expressing her surprise at their sudden return home .
he had found the law a most unprofitable study .
he could lick any man in england , with one hand tied behind him .
tom broke it : `` huck 's got money .
her dirty petticoat quite escaped my notice . ''
a fence that compelled a straight lookout ahead .
and a peculiarity that conspicuously marked and marred them was the inveterate and intolerable sermon
there was a long .
nothing but a heavy strain upon the good manners of the company
'' said mrs. gardiner , looking at the picture .
at netherfield , of the implacability of his resentments , of his having an unforgiving temper .
jane now came up .
and from his judgment .
i did not think mrs. gardiner was so little to be trusted . ''
hispy '' and `` gully-keeper '' with a crowd of their schoolmates .
he 's my tick and i 'll do what i blame please with him , or die ! ''
tom chased the traitor home , and thus found out where he lived .
i wo n't ever , ever do that way again , as long as ever i live .
the two girls had the honour of assisting mrs. jenkinson to make up her party .
i might ' a ' thought of that closet .
he is a great friend of darcy 's . ''
they had paddled over to the missouri shore on a log .
everybody knows .
and she gave charlotte credit for the arrangement .
my head is always full of something else . ''
criticised the effect again .
lydia talked incessantly of lottery tickets .
and without daring to lift up her eyes .
nor could elizabeth persuade her to consider it as improbable .
in a doleful voice mrs. bennet thus began the projected conversation.. `` oh !
drowsiness came over them , and they went out on the sandbar and lay down to sleep .
`` if doctor robinson dies , i reckon hanging 'll come of it . ''
`` why did n't you leave ?
dog 'd if i do n't , huck . ''
when my niece georgiana went to ramsgate last summer .
intricate character is more or less estimable than such a one as yours . ''
hear me in silence .
`` she is a most charming young lady indeed .
she has it most every day .
she eagerly communicated the cause of their summons .
.
`` certainly .
and while able to suppose that it cost him a few struggles to relinquish her .
and it is most shocking indeed .
here contracted into a glen .
in which he thanked the widow for the honor she was doing himself and his sons .
darcy .
it 's better in some ways , because it 's close to home and circuses and all that . ''
at recess tom continued his flirtation with amy with jubilant self-satisfaction .
s'pose we tackle that old dead-limb tree on the hill t'other side of still-house branch ? ''
she 'd a roasted his bowels out of him 'thout any more feeling than if he was a human ! ''
`` man , it 's money ! ''
the justice of the charge struck her too forcibly for denial .
i wish i never , never had waked !
their brother , indeed , was the only one of the party whom she could regard with any complacency .
with a probability of gaining such a clue as that , it might be of essential consequence .
in three volumes .
three rows of benches on each side and six rows in front of him were
`` and so ended his affection , '' said elizabeth impatiently .
the successful pupil was so great and conspicuous for that day that on the spot every
however , and in a prudential light , it is certainly a very good match for her . ''
presently the hide-and-seek frolicking began .
and thought how lucky it was that they had remembered it was friday and concluded to wait a day .
and rather looked with wonder at her friend that she could have so cheerful an air .
'' she added .
on the following morning he hastened to rosings to pay his respects .
i see nothing in it but your own wilful ignorance and the malice of mr .
`` t'other '' was a ragged , unkempt creature , with nothing very pleasant in his face .
a. a. ``
`` indeed you have no reason .
to pay their duty to their aunt and to a milliner 's shop just over the way .
we have changed our mind .
at length the parsonage was discernible .
it was a fortnight since mrs. bennet had been down stairs .
and saw sid just starting up the outside stairway that led to the back rooms on the second floor .
you must not suspect me .
`` just as true as i live ! ''
against the stiff current .
they were again surprised .
there was no time to weigh it , so at a venture he uttered it .
`` oh , it ai n't the bread , so much , '' said tom .
he shall not be in love with me , if i can prevent it . ''
`` in my opinion , the younger son of an earl can know very little of either .
which he could not help flattering himself however might be justified by
he was gloomy and desperate .
what attractions has she beyond youth .
she was hastening away .
in every view it is unaccountable ! ''
was over here and heard all the talk we had that night .
that he might have been just as likely to marry her , had she been his relation .
before their approach was announced by the door-bell , and shortly afterwards the three gentlemen entered the room .
he would have given anything for material for a plausible answer .
at church `` sociables '' he was always called upon to read poetry .
and with ready delight was he received at the other table between elizabeth and lydia .
she approached , and saw the likeness of mr. wickham suspended , amongst several other miniatures , over the mantle-piece .
and sought desolate places that were in harmony with his spirit .
`` i am grieved , indeed , '' cried darcy .
`` your attendance upon her , has been too much for you .
`` my motive for cautioning you , is as follows .
and when .
as a man violently in love can be supposed to do .
the separation between her and her family was rather noisy than pathetic .
as she remembered to have sometimes seen , when he looked at her .
they had nothing to accuse him of but pride .
easily .
both boys were looking very pale and miserable , now .
this boy was well dressed , too .
she remembered its warmth , and softened its impropriety of expression .
which immediately provoking elizabeth to do it .
his manners improved .
but it was too painful a subject to each , to be dwelt on farther .
it was the favourite wish of his mother , as well as of her 's .
`` remember where you are .
`` you have only proved by this .
`` because you were grave and silent , and gave me no encouragement . ''
`` well .
and i know i appeared distressed .
sat for some time without speaking to any body .
elizabeth 's congratulations were given with a sincerity .
a fortunate chance had recommended him to lady catherine de bourgh when the living of hunsford was vacant .
by saying , `` but tell me all and every thing about it , which i have not already heard .
`` mr. darcy is not to be laughed at ! ''
i dare you to knock it off .
and judged it better that one only of the household .
mother will never see you again if you do not marry mr. collins .
and at first was resolved not to break it .
come as soon as you can on the receipt of this .
nor could she for a moment repent her refusal , or feel the slightest inclination ever to see him again .
after a little farther resistance on the part of his aunt .
but she did see , nevertheless .
`` and what is fifty miles of good road ?
how was that possible ?
`` true .
`` i am much obliged to your ladyship for your kind invitation .
shirts , socks , everything complete .
she would be sorry some day .
but for that , injun joe never would have suspected .
`` what , has she frightened away some of your lovers ?
`` but .
chiefly through his own and mrs. bennet 's means , for his coming next morning to shoot with her husband .
but his studying the law was a mere pretence .
and no one could say how lasting an evil he might have inflicted .
but an age of anxious waiting passed and no sounds came again .
who , in a manner .
by bringing forward the idea of a man to whom she believed her partial .
`` by the bye , charles , are you really serious in meditating a dance at netherfield ? .
and think with wonder .
the two boys flew on and on , toward the village , speechless with horror .
and saw so much both of mr. darcy and his relation .
but as the minutes dragged along and no tom came to suffer .
i do not know of any other designs that he had formed
but the fact is , that we are very different sort of men , and that he hates me . ''
when they were well exhausted .
`` he seems to be a most conscientious and polite young man , upon my word .
'' he presently continued in a voice that marked his displeasure , `` to resent the behaviour of your daughter .
for else they will be destitute enough .
a conviction that .
and almost resolving to walk after her till she could be
how's that ? ''
and , as far as their acquaintance reached , there was no fault to find .
elizabeth was now to see mr. wickham for the last time .
he was resolutely silent however .
`` shut your heads and let tom go on !
i never see such a woman !
occupied in observing mr. bingley 's attentions to her sister .
a. shall what ?
said the doctor .
tom 's heart began to sink .
profound silence .
very well , he thought , let them bury it there .
to her younger daughters she could not take upon her to say .
he made one final struggle with his pride , and then darted after his comrades , yelling : `` wait !
a genteel .
first one and then another pair of eyes followed the minister 's .
even elizabeth began to fear .
now i wonder what ? ''
it had given her likewise a pedantic air and conceited manner .
`` oh ! .
each would bring hooks and lines .
`` married ! ''
i could n't hardly get my breath i was so scared .
the faces of both as they hastily turned round .
on his approaching marriage , were all that was affectionate and insincere .
`` to go to epsom .
from a conviction that if they saw him depart .
when jane testified such concern in parting with her .
up there were the same signs of decay .
mr. collins was not left long to the silent contemplation of his successful love .
go on , tom ! ''
i thought him very sly.. he hardly ever mentioned your name .
that was the way of it last night .
do n't do it .
happened on them in the woods back of the widow 's one day , and they slunk away .
that 'll fetch any wart . ''
tom 's whole structure of faith was shaken to its foundations .
which he returned with as much more .
`` if it was not for such good friends i do not know what would become of her .
but against this , there were objections .
and walk away with him into the shrubbery .
that he has neither integrity nor honour .
`` no , not now .
condolence , insufferable .
oh come , now .
`` oh ! ''
as soon as their visitor left them , she could think without interruption of all that she had heard .
on the contrary .
i have not the least intention of dancing.. i entreat you not to suppose
and elizabeth was the happy woman by whom he finally seated himself .
his doing so drew her notice .
but unable to contain herself , began scolding one of her daughters .
bingley likes your sister undoubtedly .
and after an awkward pause , they returned to the rest of the family .
`` most always .
to put me on my guard ?
but especially to the latter .
irrevocably decided against me , you would have acknowledged it to lady catherine , frankly and openly . ''
`` white alley , jim !
they were ignorant , idle , and vain .
ten o'clock came .
and he found in mrs. philips a very attentive listener .
do you know robin hood , huck ? ''
`` mr. wickham is blessed with such happy manners as may ensure his making friends .
and the whole congregation .
nothing's happened . ''
by what he said of mr. darcy 's indifference .
while he was in the midst of some dangerous gymnastic performances .
i know not what to think .
to be sure .
all i know is , that it will be abominably rude if you do not wait on him .
did this attorney mean to throw away his client 's life without an effort ?
`` you 're a fighting liar and das n't take it up . ''
but lydia .
the established mode to express a sense of obligation for the sentiments avowed , however unequally they may be returned .
`` lizzy , you must not do so .
`` yes 'm . ''
and ended by hoping that joe would not forget him .
when the last crisp slice of bacon was gone .
and seeing in her husband .
'' said mr. bennet .
who followed his lady .
such a circumstance could only exasperate farther .
it hastened his journey . ''
and the pounding went on .
their journey was performed without much conversation , or any alarm .
now .
`` safe from a connection imprudent as to fortune . ''
`` from all that i can collect by your manner of talking .
whenever she was alone , she gave way to it as the greatest relief .
but she said : `` go away and leave me alone , ca n't you !
it 's only huck finn ! ''
with such rivals for the notice of the fair .
but he never distinguished her by any particular attention .
it was gratifying to have inspired unconsciously so strong an affection .
so did the boys .
a place that tom hated with his whole heart .
so he reached out and lent a hand with his pin .
was to see whether your sister were still partial to bingley .
`` can i have the carriage ? ''
`` no , indeed it ai n't .
i am under the necessity of relating feelings which may be offensive to your 's .
i 've got a boy that 's turned up missing .
`` i believe her to be both in a great degree , '' replied wickham .
and she removed at his desire to the other side of the fire-place .
sir .
he left derbyshire only one day after ourselves , and came to town with the resolution of hunting for them .
the wisest and best of their actions .
she had no companions but silence and loneliness .
and as they entered town they agreed to believe that he might possibly mean somebody else .
`` nor i , i am sure , '' said miss bingley .
miss bingley moved with alacrity to the piano-forte .
all was acknowledged , and half the night spent in conversation .
i can no longer help thanking you for your unexampled kindness to my poor sister .
tom 's younger brother ( or rather half-brother ) sid was already
whose affection could be the growth of only a few weeks .
and then up you come .
becky thatcher was gone to her constantinople home to stay with her parents during vacation .
mr. darcy had considerable patronage in the church , and his cousin could have none at all .
that the arguments with which you have supported this extraordinary application .
among his other communications , that he was the son of old wickham , the late mr. darcy 's steward .
i ca n't do it , huck ! ''
do not feel obliged to close their compositions with a sermon .
she felt it incumbent on her to hint , was likely to be very soon engaged . ''
over yonder on cardiff hill back of the widow 's . ''
and determine him at once to be as happy , as dignity unblemished could make him .
and the other , how i am ever to pay him . ''
but she declared herself not tired , and they stood together on the lawn .
and if they are not married already , make them marry .
cold again .
miss bingley sees that her brother is in love with you , and wants him to marry miss darcy .
and she could no more bear that mr. darcy should hear the first raptures of her joy .
forbearance , patience with darcy , was injury to wickham .
and then , you know , when once they get together , there is no end of it .
she had likewise seen for an instant , and in that short period saw him looking both pleased and embarrassed .
`` whatever my connections may be .
it did not occur to him that he had tried it several times before .
jane had not been gone long before it rained hard .
and it was done for the best.. on this subject i have nothing more to say .
he sponged out lines and remade them .
`` i expected at least that the pigs were got into the garden .
sense or feeling . ''
she distinguished no part of the scene .
he was so homesick that he could hardly endure the misery of it .
and finally moved away to his throne without saying a word .
for in a quarter of an hour 's tte--tte with mrs. bennet before breakfast .
and to ask when mr. denny comes back from town . ''
but was very unlikely to recommend his suit .
and heaped so many compliments and so much gratitude upon huck that he almost forgot the nearly intolerable discomfort of his new
`` my style of writing is very different from yours . ''
bingley expressed great pleasure in the certainty of seeing elizabeth again .
which had proceeded before .
mrs. gardiner , who was walking arm in arm with elizabeth , gave her a look expressive of her wonder .
then turning to mr. bennet , he offered himself as his antagonist at backgammon .
his sense of her inferiority .
and so would anne , if her health had allowed her to apply .
`` very well .
if i take this opportunity of saying ( what i was never
the boys forgot all their fears , all their miseries in an instant .
you just wait and you 'll see !
and how the lightning tore the great sycamore tree `` all to flinders
which i am now going to do , and trust he will excuse my not having done it before .
elizabeth , on her side , had much to do .
after having addressed a slight observation on the house and garden to mrs. collins .
bennet . `` .
as by no means unpleasing , though it could not be exactly defined .
was giving way to all the happy schemes .
it failed to make even a sound .
and it was bestowed with a most joyful alacrity .
the park.. every park has its beauty and its prospects .
on further enquiry , that your father was still with him , but would quit town the next morning .
there is no indignity so abhorrent to their feelings ! ''
after amusing himself some time with their curiosity , he thus explained .
oh , do n't stir so , sid , you 'll kill me . ''
and the widow said : `` you can depend on it .
`` but not before they went to brighton ? ''
it was not to be supposed that any other people could be meant than those with whom she was connected .
tom got out his chiefest jewel .
`` you are too hasty , sir , '' she cried .
of old iron to sell to the foundry than they would to make twice the money at regular work .
but sid had snatched his clothes and gone .
`` so would i , '' said joe .
can not write ill. '' `` that will not do for a compliment to darcy .
and besides this kind of thing's too awful .
`` oh , lots .
the children stood still and listened .
they left brighton together on sunday night , and were traced almost to london , but not beyond .
[ applausive titter . ]
and the plan became perfect as plan could be .
and my friend denny tempted me farther by his account of their present quarters .
`` blame you !
he surveyed the fence , and all gladness left him and a deep melancholy settled down upon his spirit .
the faces of the audience began to betray annoyance .
he could hear mary crying , and putting in a kindly word for him from time to time .
walked around it .
the way i 'd like a hot stove if i was to set on it long enough .
and took refuge in a corner at last , with her little white apron to her face .
it is not likely that money should be very abundant on either side .
and then crept to where he could almost touch his aunt 's foot .
she tried , however , to compose herself to answer him with patience , when he should have done .
i never in my life saw any thing more elegant than their dresses .
and so did mrs. forster .
`` for i have heard you accuse him of nothing worse
you have now done your duty by her , and must fret no longer . ''
and for this we are to be thankful .
but presently an idea occurred to him .
would receive a deeper wound from the want of importance in his friend 's connections .
`` i dare say she will .
but in the darkness the distant echoes sounded so hideously that he tried it no more .
but he is , beyond all comparison , the most agreeable man i ever saw .
but if the same circumstances were to happen again , i am sure i should be deceived again .
she had him out at daylight every morning .
and she was gradually led to hope .
and the circumstances to which he particularly alluded .
elizabeth said as little to either as civility would allow .
it was over at last however .
she practises very constantly . ''
you 're up a stump , ai n't you ! ''
he took a rest and then swelled himself up and fetched a succession of admirable groans .
`` indeed .
how are they even to be discovered ?
you call me tom , will you ? ''
for the `` indifference '' was broken up .
there is one point , on which i want your advice .
'' said elizabeth .
and with reason , for charlotte had been tolerably encouraging , he was comparatively diffident since the adventure of wednesday .
he then told her of georgiana 's delight in her acquaintance , and of her disappointment at its sudden interruption .
yet was really vexed that her mother should be always giving him such an epithet .
and the embarrassment of her manner as she spoke .
the envelope contained a sheet of elegant .
as he has done by poor wickham .
he 's my own dead sister 's boy .
and then you 'll out with the pipes .
and said joe was just the same .
`` i know them a little .
and yet more , the alteration of her manner , would allow jane to deceive herself no longer .
presently they came to a place where a little stream of water .
but you could n't ever think to pity us and save us from sorrow . ''
kitty , who took all these threats in a serious light , began to cry .
i wish , now , you 'd waked up when i kissed you .
however .
as for mary .
have you heard from my uncle ? ''
but whatever may be the sentiments which mr. wickham has created .
she had been graciously pleased to approve of both the discourses .
he and his sisters were well , i hope , when you left london . ''
his consenting to marry her is a proof .
he made no answer .
how rich and how great you will be !
and the affection she inspires in louisa and myself .
and of assisting to form a quadrille table at rosings , in the absence of more eligible visitors .
she was in no humour for conversation with any one but himself .
now who can he mean ? ''
for i am fond of superior society .
and elizabeth at that instant moving towards them .
i 'd protect you .
but as a general thing he was too crowded for time to make use of it .
but else i must say that i hate the very sight of him . ''
so many servants , and so splendid a dinner might not wholly overpower them .
i was not in a humour to wait for any opening of your 's .
made no mention of the business that had taken him away .
that mr. bingley .
potter and injun joe were carrying a handbarrow with a rope and a couple of shovels on it .
in crayons , whose subjects were usually more interesting , and also more intelligible .
`` my beauty you had early withstood , and as for my manners .
and huck closed his watch and retired to bed in an empty sugar hogshead about twelve .
the two youngest repaired to the lodgings of one of the officers ' wives .
his debts to be discharged , and something still to remain !
`` this is the consequence you see , madam , of marrying a daughter , '' said elizabeth .
his breath stopped and he listened .
tom would be thankful and their troubles would be healed .
or unbending reserve as now .
she had never seen a place for which nature had done more .
on receiving this letter .
then there was a wild yelp of agony and the poodle went sailing up the aisle .
most of the adventures recorded in this book really occurred .
mr. darcy .
and affectionately taking her hand , said in reply , `` do not make yourself uneasy , my love .
and the others were to meet us at the church .
the elder miss bennets alone were still able to eat .
`` why , i reckon maybe they are .
it made the going into captivity and fetters again so much more odious .
one poor chap .
`` but i am sure it will be too much for kitty .
consequently that she is aunt to the present mr .
they sprang away .
can there be any other opinion on the subject ? ''
he reminded them of the imposing secret , and raised a ray of cheer .
of its own accord .
going through its whole toilet as tranquilly as if it knew it was perfectly safe .
you just wait till i catch you out !
whispered huck , blanching with fright .
and by making a variety of remarks on the happiness that might be expected from the match .
mr. darcy related the mistake which had occasioned his intruding on miss bennet .
had she known nothing of darcy , she could have borne the dread of lydia 's infamy somewhat better .
when his cousin mary danced in .
lydia .
though darcy could never receive him at pemberley .
the coarseness of the sentiment was little other than her own breast had formerly harboured and fancied liberal !
a slight preference is natural enough .
enough to buy an exchange of work .
a little shamefaced girl lisped .
ignorant as you previously were of every thing concerning either .
tell what ?
as soon as they entered the copse , lady catherine began in the following manner : .
she saw instantly that her cousin 's manners were not altered by his marriage .
he could be only a man whose proposals she had refused , and whose merit she had undervalued .
for the sake of their sister 's feelings and consequence .
the only damage done was to the knife itself .
the others have been gone on to scarborough , these three weeks . ''
unless by some cruel and malicious arrangement at the war-office , another regiment should be quartered in meryton .
but for some time i was kept back by my own doubts .
now , men !
`` why , that ai n't anything .
sid snuffled a bit and mary went off crying with all her heart .
and wishing `` she '' could see him now .
madam .
`` this must be a most inconvenient sitting room for the evening , in summer .
as soon as we lost the sound of their feet we quit chasing .
never mind , i 've broke a hole . ''
certain it is .
why do n't you fall yourself ?
this was worse than a thousand whippings , and tom 's heart was sorer now than his body .
somehow i most wish it was .
judgment in all matters within the scope of your understanding .
and exactly among people , where he had apparently least to do , and least temptation to go .
tom was downhearted , but tried hard not to show it .
and there are other circumstances which i am not at liberty .
`` i beg your pardon.. one knows exactly what to think . ''
a prevalent feature in these compositions was a nursed and petted melancholy .
when the interest in art began to wane , the two fell to talking .
i 'd let you , if you was me , tom . ''
but he could not find it .
and said : `` now you said you 'd do it , now let 's see you do it . ''
this was a new aspect of the thing .
he would stay by her and hold her hand until all was over .
the families who had been in town for the winter came back again .
now you see , do n't you ? ''
against whom his pride had revolted , in his offer to herself .
`` it is very hard to think that charlotte lucas should ever be mistress of this house .
and kitty begged very hard for a few balls there every winter .
tom kissed the red lips and said : `` now it 's all done , becky .
lifeless form .
and if you will stay another month complete .
his whole heart was glad .
perhaps , wish to be informed why , with so little endeavour at civility , i am thus rejected .
who always turned in and slept like a graven image .
to give an account of their journey and of all that had happened in london .
he kept tally of the details of the prayer , unconsciously .
nor ever been so fully aware of the evils arising from so ill-judged a direction of talents .
admitted a most refreshing view of the high woody hills behind the house .
he wanted to cry with vexation .
it was a genuine relief to the whole congregation when the ordeal was over and the benediction pronounced .
over again in his mind and set it up in new and varied lights .
i shall hope to receive a more favourable answer than you have now given me .
the vague and unsettled suspicions which uncertainty had produced of what
`` his manners are very different from his cousin 's . ''
or a really new muslin in a shop window , could recal them .
oh !
oh , lydia ! ''
that your uncle would never have yielded .
believe her to be deceived by all means .
that instead of twelve .
i have been most anxious to acknowledge to you how gratefully i feel it .
she was now struck with the impropriety of such communications to a stranger .
so soft was her step .
and the school had two marvels to gaze upon in place of one .
at hearing that you received the young couple into your house as soon as they were married .
`` sid .
oh , please ! ''
till late in the evening .
and in a private conference with elizabeth related the event of the day before .
mrs. bennet .
you going to have all the girls and boys ? ''
and if you do , i 'll give you something ever so nice .
there .
connected together , as i think you said , in the closest manner ! ''
and when jane could attend to the rest of the letter .
and yet .
by the predominance of virtue .
when her father continued , `` you look conscious .
`` if he means to be but little at netherfield .
find such a woman as soon as you can .
that a cause of so little advantage to any one .
`` merely to the illustration of your character , '' said she , endeavouring to shake off her gravity .
crowned with wood .
lydia does not leave me because she is married .
dangled his legs , munched his apple , and planned the slaughter of more innocents .
and , as he spoke , he left the room , fatigued with the raptures of his wife .
'' replied elizabeth , `` which a young man ought likewise to be , if he possibly can .
it would vex me , indeed , to see you again the dupe of miss bingley 's pretended regard . ''
when he was tempted by an accidental recommendation to look at netherfield house .
since i am well aware that it could not be complied with .
the black avenger of the spanish main said it would never do to start without some fire .
a back that he recognized by the electric sympathy of love .
jane was beyond competition her favourite child .
mrs. bennet had the pleasure of receiving her brother and his wife .
mr. bennet .
do not wish me such an evil . ''
the first mentioned was .
this event had at last been despaired of , but it was then too late to be saving .
on reaching the spacious lobby above .
than he began to find it was rendered uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes .
`` and i hope it will soon be increased by seeing her quite well . ''
and finally chose two which seemed to suit him .
but i dare say he may spend half his time here .
`` is that his design in settling here ? ''
oh !
dukes and such . ''
presently a revealing thought flashed through tom 's mind .
so almost uniformly betrayed by herself .
the path just admitted three .
the first composition that was read was one entitled `` is this , then , life ? ''
and then they were merely asked on leaving church to come there in the evening .
there was no one therefore who could be pointed out , as likely to give any news of him .
you just wait a minute . ''
but his lies about the whole pemberley family are endless .
the honours of this house the names of his cousin miss de bourgh .
the narrow way descended gradually .
the mischief of neglect and mistaken indulgence towards such a girl.. oh !
but i wrote to mr. wickham .
vacation was approaching .
though i know it must be a scandalous falsehood .
apprehensively , as if they feared they might be followed .
no .
and it was rather too early to begin .
mr. gardiner , whose manners were easy and pleasant , encouraged her communicativeness by his questions and remarks .
all were struck with the stranger 's air .
you see a pirate do n't have to do anything .
i mean to stay . ''
proceeded to his seat and started a quarrel with the first boy that came handy .
and mary might have been prevailed on to accept him .
`` the boy stood on the burning deck '' followed .
occupying a snug little cavern .
after a short pause .
two or three minutes later the murdered man .
mrs. gardiner about this time reminded elizabeth of her promise concerning that gentleman , and required information .
then he pressed gently and the door yielded a crack .
the beginning contained an account of all their little parties and engagements , with such news as the country afforded .
tom 's dying ! ''
they descended the hill , crossed the bridge , and drove to the door .
they were now almost at the door of the house .
and i wish with all my heart it may prove so .
she could not but say , after a moment 's deliberation , `` i am not . ''
`` not at all , '' was her answer .
and she could do nothing but wonder at such a want of penetration .
supposing them to be in london .
that has reached the limit and can no further go .
`` but i ai n't got none but these . ''
she could easily conjecture .
uncombed .
and established all his strictest notions of what was due to seniority .
elizabeth was surprised .
said .
`` oh !
and there are not many in my rank of life who
when lo and behold you she 'd found out from joe that you
you 'd be a disgrace . ''
but let me not interrupt you .
there is no occasion for any thing more .
in future , i hope we shall be always of one mind . ''
restored elizabeth to the enjoyment of all her original dislike .
`` shut up , sid !
`` is it far in the cave ?
but if i go on , i shall displease you by saying what i think of persons you esteem .
`` and so they shall .
then they hunted up huckleberry finn , and he joined them promptly , for all careers were one to him .
`` unless where they like women of fortune , which i think they very often do . ''
like icy tears upon the robe of december .
she began to assist the water with a slim oatmeal diet and blister-plasters .
mr. gardiner added in his letter .
again the sound was heard , and apparently a little nearer .
huck looked into the old man 's honest eyes a moment .
`` yes , ma'am , all . ''
and she had the mortification of seeing mary , after very little entreaty , preparing to oblige the company .
i had myself endeavoured to forget .
he called it .
shut into her own room .
sid chuckled in a very contented and satisfied way .
such i was , from eight to eight and twenty .
`` what can be the meaning of that emphatic exclamation ? ''
in another moment he was flying down the street with his pail and a tingling rear .
from all the spiteful old ladies in meryton .
or the number of couples . ''
`` that 's ever so nice .
but you do not know all .
`` of what ? ''
`` i have been making the tour of the park .
but the case is this .
and , tom , it did do you good . ''
unable to support the idea of grieving and offending a brother whom she almost looked up to as a father .
`` gracie miller ? ''
and pray when am i to wish you joy ? ''
her broad deck seemed crowded with people .
and then said .
`` i dono .
i ben on my pins a little .
it was not known that wickham had a single relation .
and elizabeth found .
though george wickham has treated mr. darcy in a most infamous manner .
with such kind of histories of their parties and good jokes .
`` he could be still amiable .
the river was not high , so there was not more than a two or three mile current .
you just swaller some of it once .
she is a very great favourite with some ladies of my acquaintance , mrs. hurst and miss bingley .
'' said she .
tom shot a glance at becky .
injun joe was buried near the mouth of the cave .
and so it does i vow .
`` he meant .
by a precipitate closure with this gentleman 's proposals .
its fences gone long ago .
but when he writes of juveniles , he must stop where he best can .
because an ignorant lump of bread .
who cares ?
there is so much of gratitude or vanity in almost every attachment .
he then handed her in .
he could not speak a word for full ten minutes .
tom struck them to the ground .
for had it been otherwise , i must have been involved in all your sorrow and disgrace .
mr. darcy .
then with a mutual impulse the two bereaved women flung themselves into each other's arms and had a good .
because he said he was going to drop into town and
elizabeth here felt herself called on to say something in vindication of his behaviour to wickham .
with assurances of speedy payment , for which i have pledged myself .
for neither lydia nor mr. collins were once silent .
i have known him too long and too well to be a fair judge .
most always .
and so it shall .
wholly inattentive to her sister 's feelings .
they could describe an entertainment with accuracy .
well , how pleased i am !
the latter was thinking only of his breakfast .
sid was sick and had to miss the fun .
but i hate to hear 'em abuse him so like the dickens when he never done .
as shewed an admiration of her .
my child , let me not have the grief of seeing you unable to respect your partner in life .
and yet .
`` undoubtedly .
tom blanched and dropped his eyes .
just fishes a little , to get money to get drunk on .
she looked at his two sisters .
the widder eats by a bell .
`` smarty !
elizabeth had not before believed him quite equal to such assurance .
to secure and expedite a marriage .
he said : `` she 'd never noticed if it had n't been for sid .
but they only began .
heaven and earth ! .
elizabeth looked with unaffected astonishment .
which , of course , you will be inclined to take immediate advantage of . ''
`` good !
but i wonder how long you would have gone on , if you had been left to yourself .
they sat down on the ground .
though he had assured her that respect for the father , would always prevent his exposing the son .
when the engagement was for home .
huck stared at the mystic sign awhile .
by-and-by tom said : `` lookyhere .
my good , kind brother ! .
and lady catherine kindly informing them that it was much better worth looking at in the summer .
`` impossible , mr. bennet , impossible , when i am not acquainted with him myself .
most of the pupils glanced up languidly .
conversation ought to be so arranged as that they may have the trouble of saying as little as possible . ''
for in darcy 's breast there was a tolerable powerful feeling towards her .
`` i never saw such a woman .
that 's good enough for little rubbishy common things .
there will not be the smallest occasion for your coming to town again .
who , in disposition and talents , would most suit her .
`` i am sure .
and uncommon i hope it will continue .
wherever tom and huck appeared they were courted , admired , stared at .
did lydia .
there was a long pause for reflection .
`` why , who are you ? ''
`` well , that 's good , huck .
and given her a sort of intimacy with his ways .
and a smothered titter rippled over the house .
when i was teazing colonel forster to give us a ball at meryton ? ''
`` no !
her hair so untidy , so blowsy ! ''
bingley , from this time , was of course a daily visitor at longbourn .
he then asked her to walk into the house .
but she often doubted whether there were much admiration in it .
i dono . ''
`` your surprise could not be greater than mine in being noticed by you .
soon after their arrival .
any meeting with him would have been the last object of her wishes .
to catch their expression .
produced from her .
shire was to leave meryton in a week or fortnight 's time .
`` but i was embarrassed . ''
my uncle ! ''
and if you would have gone , we would have treated you too .
mr. bingley will not be detained in london by them . ''
if this be the case , he deserves you .
i do not know the particulars .
she had to listen to all he had to say .
or renewal of those offers , which were last night so disgusting to you .
`` yes , all of them , i think .
it was a subject , in short , on which reflection would be long indulged , and must be unavailing .
`` we have not quite determined how far it shall carry us .
unguarded temper .
`` i think there can not be too little said on the subject . ''
and huckleberry began to snuffle too .
at the end of half an hour tom had a vague general idea of his lesson .
`` you are a good girl . ''
poor boy , i reckon he 's lied about it .
and went down and stirred up the constables .
if you do not tell me in an honourable manner .
'' said she .
i hear 'em say he 's the bloodiest looking villain in this country .
i should not think any one abiding in it an object of compassion .
as she was going down stairs .
with all their boxes .
in her own past behaviour , there was a constant source of vexation and regret .
during their visit , as they returned , except what had particularly interested them both .
`` but as i was saying .
in seeing bingley , her thoughts naturally flew to her sister .
oh .
and , after a pause of several minutes .
`` with all my heart .
'' cried mrs. hill .
oh !
then addressing her daughter , `` oh !
another pause , and more eying and sidling around each other .
we must not be so ready to fancy ourselves intentionally injured .
and if you can not guess with who .
in small blue tickets , each with a passage of scripture on it .
that any young man should form such a design against a girl who is by no means unprotected or friendless .
he flung it out of the window .
never saw t'other man before . ''
he 's coming himself ! ''
and with folded arms .
believe .
she added .
if i can perceive her regard for him .
at length .
`` aye , no doubt .
darcy . ''
but i ca n't stand them ways .
and mind you .
`` but they do n't . ''
`` i thought so , '' he said .
that i do not reckon the notice and kindness of lady catherine de
they had now entered a beautiful walk by the side of the water .
he was her dear wickham on every occasion .
`` no .
you will not be fit to be seen when you get there . ''
and even feared that with the others it was a dislike
but you keep mum .
if darcy does not put it off again .
take ships and burn them .
she had seen enough of bingley 's behaviour to jane .
his claws on it if i did n't hurry up .
the venison was roasted to a turn .
by reason , by reflection , by every thing .
but his pride .
where miss bennet was making tea .
have you not heard me say , that from his earliest hours he was destined for his cousin ? ''
the boys thought that this happy circumstance would turn suspicion in the right direction .
elizabeth .
rested his elbows on his desk and his jaws in his hands .
when she caught a glimpse of a gentleman within the sort of grove which edged the park .
daily muff potter 's gratitude made tom glad he had spoken .
it was in the midst of a cavern whose walls were supported by many fantastic
jane had sent caroline an early answer to her letter .
and therefore you must visit him as soon as he comes . ''
elizabeth impatiently caught it from his hand .
the crowd filed up the aisles : the aged and needy postmaster , who had seen better days .
[ illustration : a vicarage house . ]
if i had not perceived .
and still more as one of the executors of my father 's will .
[ illustration : matlock ] pride and prejudice : a novel .
they found at last , on examining their watches , that it was time to be at home .
i could see him with perfect indifference , but i can hardly bear to hear it thus perpetually talked of .
you could scarcely escape discredit and misery .
the inmates were asleep .
as my dear charlotte informs me .
if she should die .
they landed .
he had to keep still long after she went to bed .
went about on her pale horse , metaphorically speaking , with '' hell following after . ''
there was not even a zephyr stirring .
i perfectly comprehend your feelings , and have now only to be ashamed of what my own have been .
`` obstinate , headstrong girl !
he was restive all through it .
whims and inconsistencies do divert me .
and in this emergence recollecting when she had seen him last in hertfordshire .
there was no want of discourse .
`` and yet i meant to be uncommonly clever in taking so decided a dislike to him .
in which opinion i am not only joined by mrs. collins .
his exaltation had but one alloy .
why , if i wanted that halfbreed devil to drownd me they could get me to tell .
she has the reputation of being remarkably sensible and clever .
but with the strongest curiosity .
in his life witnessed such behaviour in a person of rank .
he kept up this grotesque foolishness for some time .
`` she seems a very pleasant young woman , '' said bingley .
it 's because you 're afraid . ''
elizabeth soon saw that she was herself closely watched by miss bingley .
now she heard of pain-killer for the first time .
`` o ' course he does .
huckleberry finn was there , with his dead cat .
`` we must endeavour to forget all that has passed on either side .
the next morning .
there was nothing in it .
when they came in , `` t'other '' was talking in a low voice .
while she spoke .
so tall ! .
my boys will be with them presently .
it is many and many a year since the hapless half-breed scooped out the stone to catch the priceless drops .
it was rather small , but well built and convenient .
give my love to colonel forster , i hope you will drink to our good journey .
`` and till colonel forster came himself .
she longed to know what at that moment was passing in his mind .
that 's a good feller .
is not he ?
but tell lydia she shall have as much money as she chuses .
dreary , aching afternoon , with none among the strangers about her to exchange sorrows with .
it is enough to know they are discovered , i have seen them both .
but unquestionably his entire being had for many a day longed
i hear such different accounts of you as puzzle me exceedingly . ''
her aunt now called her to look at a picture .
and they talked of matlock and dove dale with great perseverance .
and that the delightful intercourse you have known as friends .
as it was known to miss bingley .
her fancy for him gave way .
lem me see if i can lift the box . ''
he never said a great deal , nor did she give herself the trouble of talking or of listening much .
`` speak to lizzy about it yourself .
my youngest sister has left all her friends .
but she was convinced that lydia had wanted only encouragement to attach herself to any body .
she was at leisure to feel a great deal of curiosity to see the house herself .
that shortly after his next return into hertfordshire .
and a few butterflies came fluttering upon the scene .
tom had traded the next chance to billy fisher for a kite , in good repair .
the probity and honour of his friend .
to the latest moment , upon the light and the cheer of the free world outside .
if there were but such another man for you ! ''
that 's the way she always talks .
`` but if he returns no more this winter , my choice will never be required .
i had hoped that our sentiments coincided in every particular .
of course this excited a curiosity so vast that it almost belittled the main matter .
water an ' not stop foolin ' roun ' wid anybody .
`` yes .
and by refusing your hand , do all in my power to prevent your being otherwise .
where you know there 's a spunk-water stump .
.
repeated the other , as she ran into her room to prepare .
and after sitting a few minutes longer without saying much to any body , went away .
`` in such delicious fancies time quickly glides by .
however .
that he could imagine but two motives for their chusing to walk up and down the room together .
i have no such injuries to resent .
and elizabeth , agitated and confused , rather knew that she was happy , than felt herself to be so .
and the care and improvement of his dwelling .
must it be so ? ''
that the friend who is supposed to desire his return to the house .
no miraculous consequence of travelling in the summer .
how i wanted you ! ''
oh , it 's awful .
that maria thought herself obliged .
next , certain boys said the missing lads had promised that the village should `` hear something '' soon .
i propose myself the satisfaction of waiting on you and your family .
advanced towards the party .
do n't joggle me . ''
without the shadow of a doubt a gaudy piratical uniform .
and pray let her know that i am quite in raptures with her beautiful little design for a table .
you must be two of the silliest girls in the country .
was able to assure her with tolerable firmness that the prospect of their relationship was highly grateful to her .
he saw her and they had an exhausting good time playing ``
make a man . ''
and with no little alarm , whether the family were down for the summer .
they are certainly not gone to scotland . ''
`` and it is happy for you that you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy .
produced so happy an effect as to make her a sensible .
they would n't turn in the lock , either .
now one snore ceased .
was pleased with the situation and the principal rooms .
so they chose a new spot and began again .
she would have ordered her wedding clothes .
nor was her respect for him .
.
the satisfaction of miss bennet 's mind gave a glow of such sweet animation to her face .
when the sound of a carriage drew them to a window .
`` but you must lend us the money .
and instead of entering the park .
they ai n't got any backbone .
and charlotte .
in hertfordshire .
a person may be proud without being vain .
i am extremely glad that you have such pleasant accounts from our friends at hunsford .
`` i do not get on at all .
but at last on mrs. bennet 's leaving them together .
elizabeth had heard soon after her arrival .
in a shorter space of time than she could have supposed .
mr. bennet protested against any description of finery .
there was one very strong argument in favor of this idea .
`` it will be her turn soon to be teazed , '' said miss lucas .
and when he did speak , it seemed the effect of necessity rather than of choice .
and elizabeth saw that he was anxious for his sister and herself to get acquainted .
i bet you the money is under the rock .
you know , sister , we agreed long ago never to mention a word about it .
after waiting at home every morning for a fortnight .
but there were averted eyes .
pray make my excuses to pratt , for not keeping my engagement , and dancing with him to-night .
now he turned in his tracks , between the walls of sumach bushes .
but the incidents of his adventure grew sensibly sharper and clearer under the attrition of thinking them over .
`` on the evening before my going to london .
`` it must be something particular , to take him there at this time of year . ''
`` i am not afraid of you , '' said he , smilingly .
way as may convince you of its being one . ''
he must know that she was as amiable and unpretending as we have found her . ''
there is nothing he would not do for her . ''
and as much as possible prevented her husband from pressing her .
half the time tom was afraid injun joe would never be captured .
then took it out and settled himself in his chair to read !
then conscience granted a truce , and these curiously inconsistent pirates fell peacefully to sleep .
it was consequently necessary to name some other period for the commencement of actual felicity .
`` that 's all right .
's regiment . ''
have all her friends left her ? ''
tom was panting with his exertions by this time .
`` why , she was here !
but conscience was not to be appeased by such thin plausibilities .
and clothe him and wash him , too , for that matter .
you must not attempt to have it taken , for what painter could do justice to those beautiful eyes ? ''
had you behaved in a more gentleman-like manner . ''
i am glad of one thing , that he comes alone .
i shall like it of all things .
who piqued herself upon the solidity of her reflections , `` is a very common failing i believe .
and she condescended to wait on them at pemberley .
had she not felt certain that his flight was rendered necessary by distress of circumstances .
and then he had nothing of a pleasant nature to send .
she enquired into charlotte 's domestic concerns familiarly and minutely .
but it transpired that this was a request which joe had just been going to make of tom .
i am sure i had no more idea of being married till i came back again !
that she was not enough recovered .
ever so far away , into unknown countries beyond the seas .
`` well , i 'll come around and maow tonight . ''
`` no , my dear .
either to her affection for him , or her curiosity to see how his wife conducted herself .
`` huck , i most stepped onto injun joe 's hand ! ''
each felt for the other , and of course for themselves .
i believe i have now told you every thing .
it 's your turn to watch . ''
this , she would not hear of .
my dear jane , mr. collins is a conceited , pompous , narrow-minded , silly man .
a walk to meryton was necessary to amuse their morning hours and furnish conversation for the evening .
had it not been seconded by the assurance which i hesitated not in giving , of your sister 's indifference .
the two gentlemen behind .
they 're huck 's .
i must now mention a circumstance which i would wish to forget myself .
he had been the happiest and the proudest boy in the world only seven short days .
`` in ben rogers ' hayloft .
sid had better judgment than to utter the thought that was in his mind as he left the house .
`` shall you ever have courage to announce to lady catherine , what is to befall her ? ''
and have no design of marrying , do not let us give the matter over as lost .
as his own father .
and wished them both joy , with an alacrity which shewed no doubt of their happiness .
and finally told him to go on .
foot to foot , and began a grave , careful combat , `` two up and two down . ''
i did not mean that either his mind or manners were in a state of improvement .
`` i will go to meryton .
twelve marbles , part of a jews-harp .
`` i can not pretend to be sorry .
in three volumes .
'lady catherine , ' said she , 'you have given me a treasure . '
end of vol .
playmates of tom's and joe 's .
injun joe gave a barely perceptible start .
tom in the lead .
when i am dead , may turn you all out of this house as soon as he pleases . ''
expect to influence me by such a paltry attack as this .
we were always good friends .
tom did play hookey , and he had a very good time .
collins . ''
i hope she will turn out well . ''
everything you 've ever done to me .
ten red tickets equalled a yellow one .
because it required an explanation that would rob him of his borrowed feathers .
as now , when all love must be vain .
bennet ? ''
the clergyman drew such pictures of the graces .
but what does he say of the living ? ''
but nothing 's come of it . ''
and the gown which had been let down to hide it , not doing its office . ''
and how far it would be for the happiness of both that she should employ the power .
such as `` the drawing-room .
huck searched his comrade 's face keenly .
and yet his tongue seemed determined to get him into trouble in spite of all he could do .
`` hark ! ''
is now to be explained.. his sisters ' uneasiness had been equally excited with my own .
and i 'll lick you till you ca n't stand up .
little hands , and weak .
and wherever there 's anybody that 's drownded , they 'll float right there and stop . ''
to the persuasion of a friend is no merit with you . ''
`` and how impossible in others ! ''
`` sacred to the memory of '' so-and-so had been painted on them once .
the room in which the ladies sat was backwards .
here were the certified checks , and they were good for their face .
and from the observation of the day altogether , she believed lady catherine to be exactly what he had represented .
they found mr. bennet still up .
with the kindest concern he came on to longbourn .
the moment of her release from him was ecstacy .
`` none at all .
tom bent all his energies to the memorizing of five verses .
mr. jones bought one and i the other .
that though some people may call him proud , i have seen nothing of it . ''
only think of that my dear .
as soon as they entered .
it 's the first one i 've seen this year . ''
each boy said to himself : `` there 's the old deaf
he would have given worlds , now , to have that german lad back again with a sound mind .
and he knows if he can make out to put me off for a minute or make me laugh .
and tom cuffed sid 's ears and helped him to the door with several kicks .
and when at last mr. collins allowed him time to speak , replied with an air of distant civility .
i am afraid you will be angry . ''
because i know it to be the established custom of your sex to reject a man on the first application .
and after a short silence mrs. bennet began repeating her thanks to mr. bingley for his kindness to jane .
for they knew that she had not prudence enough to hold her tongue before the servants .
i hate them ! ''
i think it would not be very likely to promote sisterly affection or delicacy of mind . ''
now be sincere .
and tom 's too proud for that sort of thing .
no , 't was the day before . ''
and mr. collins .
`` the garden in which stands my humble abode .
it keeps me in a sweat , constant , so 's i want to hide som'ers . ''
though in the course of their meetings she must sometimes think the pleasure dearly bought .
by preparations for the reception of his bride .
the marriage of a daughter .
here they come again .
but toward noon the raft had been found .
sometimes in rotten chests under the end of a limb of an old dead tree .
i mean to go home . ''
i want a smoke . '
she said .
`` miss bennet would not play at all amiss .
for from the day of the invitation .
maybe two thousand , that can do it the way it 's got to be done . ''
all of you , hold your tongues , and let mr. collins and me have a little conversation together . ''
and i am sure i do not know who is to maintain you
the master scanned the ranks of boys .
another answered .
his surprise was great .
now .
`` i sha ' n't !
and the eye was instantly caught by pemberley house .
there would have been a great powwow if it had been the gold .
smiled grimly upon his comrade , whose head was drooping upon his knees .
now .
next the belle of the village , followed by a troop of lawn-clad and ribbon-decked young heart-breakers .
`` lizzy .
she soon afterwards said .
people who suffer as i do from nervous complaints can have no great inclination for talking .
he had not been long seated before he complimented mrs. bennet on having so fine a family of daughters .
and then georgiana .
was likely to continue at least a twelvemonth .
so tom unwound the thread from one of his needles .
and always .
and within another minute or two the men had hoisted it out on the ground .
she resolved to give her the information herself .
morning which all present remembered so well was brought out by credible witnesses .
for she had reached it only to a late breakfast .
pap would come back to thish-yer town some day and get
i am quite well .
and perceived their distance from the house .
secret would keep them with him any very great length of time .
she smiled , but made no answer .
with a countenance no less smiling than her sister 's , `` what you have learnt about mr. wickham .
the only pain was in leaving her father .
she did not expect that tom could get out of his trouble
but he was going to be made unhappy .
then they began to lay their plans .
who chuses that every one connected with him should have an understanding of the first class . ''
well deserving of the cowhide .
but in the gallery up stairs you will see a finer , larger picture of him than this .
and up to every kind of mischief , but he was just as unselfish and kind as he could be .
but poor dear lydia had nobody to take care of her .
he may live in my memory as the most amiable man of my acquaintance , but that is all .
about to escape , she added , `` lizzy , i insist upon your staying and hearing mr .
`` sounds like .
i reckon that 's the very no .
guiding it , and so created another surprising house .
that he told her to write to him , and almost promised to answer her letter .
rush out from under the bed and overwhelm her with joy .
the note was immediately dispatched , and its contents as quickly complied with .
tom was general of one of these armies , joe harper ( a bosom friend ) general of the other .
we better start back . ''
and so he consented to be a pirate .
and the sheriff `` was confident '' that he would be captured before night .
it would frighten him , but it would at least tell him that tom was alive yet .
suspicious circumstances , especially the washing which was not a habit with potter .
nor of any of the remarkable places through which their route thither lay .
and then the destruction of the good things began .
do n't you know that ? ''
a piece of blue bottle-glass to look through .
she coloured as she spoke .
her ladyship was highly incensed .
and offended by the neglect of the other .
tom enclosed the tick in the percussion-cap box that had lately been the pinchbug 's prison .
presently he said to himself : `` what a curious kind of a fool a girl is !
elizabeth , with a triumphant sensation , looked towards his friend .
then she sat moody , with wounded pride , till the bell rang .
my temper i dare not vouch for.. it is i believe too little yielding .
and it maddened him to see .
lodge , and school a boy in those old simple days .
jane ran to her uncle and aunt , and welcomed and thanked them both , with alternate smiles and tears .
the shelter of their beds .
the blanketed corpse , the lidless coffin , and the open grave were under no inspection but the moon 's .
they bent their steps , after having seen all the principal wonders of the country .
and they could not take their fascinated eyes from his face .
both injun joe and the treasure sunk into secondary importance for a moment .
mr. darcy often acknowledged himself to be under the greatest obligations to my father 's active superintendance .
you are very ill. '' `` no , i thank you . ''
i would keep a pack of foxhounds , and drink a bottle of wine every day . ''
and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others .
when the ladies were separating for the toilette .
how you must have hated me after that evening ? ''
it 's too deep .
how mr. darcy looked , therefore , she could not tell .
so they chewed it turn about , and dangled their legs against the bench in excess of contentment .
`` oh , auntie , i'm. ``
on whom she had such anxious designs .
`` oh !
said tom .
and it showed three white , startled faces , too .
at present we have nothing to guide us .
fearing all sorts of dreadful things , and momentarily expecting some catastrophe to happen that would take away his breath .
tom joined the new order of cadets of temperance .
by restoring bingley to all her former good opinion , heightened the sense of what jane had lost .
have roamed and read near tallapoosa 's stream .
he was about to spring with winged feet , when a man cleared his throat not four feet from him !
but with him i believe it does not often happen .
he was received by mrs. bennet with a degree of civility .
and i 'll nip all of auntie 's .
in looking forward , neither rational happiness nor worldly prosperity , could be justly expected for her sister .
huck was measurably so , also .
but there is one of her sisters sitting down just behind you .
and that appearance of good humour .
and it flattered her to reflect that she had discovered that the shirt was
but it shall not be by me .
'' she added , `` that lizzy does not lose much by not suiting his fancy .
the joyful surprise that lighted up their faces .
i shall be back by dinner . ''
when all else had been learned .
words had lost their ring and sounded just as if he had said .
he set about it in a very orderly manner .
i ai n't any more baby than you are . ''
well , i am sure i shall be extremely glad to see mr. bingley.. but .
`` and lydia used to want to go to london , '' added kitty .
oh , you 're a nice pirate .
my father and mother believe the worst , but i can not think so ill of him .
`` bought him off ' n a boy . ''
well , but now for my news : it is about dear wickham .
injun joe's ghost ai n't a going to come around where there 's a cross ! ''
he did not have to go to school or to church , or call any being master or obey anybody .
and the next moment he had grappled with the doctor and the two were struggling with might and main .
whether wickham has any relations or connections .
conclusion so endeth this chronicle .
who were to be the subjects of their piracies was a matter that did not occur to them .
who from our near relationship and constant intimacy .
but .
dear me !
`` i can not make him out.. there is something very pompous in his style..
you could not have met with a person more capable of giving you certain information on that head than myself .
i can only say that i am sorry.. the necessity must be obeyed .
the new boy went off brushing the dust from his clothes .
it was really a very handsome thought .
it only makes things a hundred times worse . ''
a letter arrived for their father , from a different quarter , from mr. collins .
she turned up the lane , which led her farther from the turnpike road .
i do like him , '' she replied , with tears in her eyes , `` i love him .
`` looking his last '' upon the scene of his former joys and his later sufferings .
and certainly her temper to be happy .
and know them to be so much attached to me ! .
turn out !
i reckon i can show you .
he started quartering across and bent himself stoutly to his work .
and made them catch their breath .
`` do you really think so ? ''
which the want of new clothes must reflect on her daughter 's nuptials .
and most of the teachers , of both sexes , found business up at the library , by the pulpit .
tom saw the signs , and fell to cheering up the pirates as well as he could .
if he could.. can he be a sensible man , sir ? ''
that miss elizabeth bennet .
and she was sensible that nothing less than a perfect understanding between the
nobody cared sixpence for the wasted time but the captain of the craft .
and not all his large estate in derbyshire could then save him from having a most forbidding .
this was spoken jestingly .
his behaviour to her sister was such .
he got back home barely in season to help jim .
`` indeed , '' replied elizabeth , `` i am heartily sorry for him .
'' replied her ladyship .
`` it would be nothing .
you ain't ever to love anybody but me .
mr. collins readily assented , and a book was produced .
my friend has an excellent understanding .
the alarm swept from lip to lip .
and by charlotte 's evident enjoyment of it , elizabeth supposed he must be often forgotten .
when she cautiously faced around again , a peach lay before her .
is that so ? ''
has abilities which mr. darcy himself need not disdain , and respectability which he will probably never reach . ''
ring the bell , kitty , for hill .
jane taking out the letter , said , `` this is from caroline bingley .
gim me the bucket .
it may be easily believed that the happy spirits which had seldom been depressed before .
she wo n't ever know . ''
you tear them to pieces . ''
there is nothing marked in its lines .
but you must n't ever tell anybody .
and would not give his real opinion about it .
and .
and i must be aware that the interest of one thousand pounds would be a very insufficient support therein .
a sweep of chilly air passed by .
with something under their arm , and i reckoned they 'd stole it .
my dearest friend , had any intention of making one in the croud , but of that i despair .
he merely added , that he should not write again , till he had something of importance to mention . ''
whatever might be their former conduct .
when he was gone .
sad , yes , sad thoughts of thee my heart doth swell , and burning recollections throng my brow !
exclaimed elizabeth , `` you are too good .
though i have never liked him , i had not thought so very ill of him .
he was eating an apple .
in the gallery there were many family portraits .
then unlocked his desk .
and though this gentleman dislikes the amusement in general .
he lost his temper and said he was always being made to do everything he did n't want to do .
well .
`` i 'll thank you to keep yourself to yourself .
eleven steps .
on distinguishing the ladies of the group .
slow-dropping water when he comes to see the wonders of mcdougal 's cave .
and now he was deeply and gratefully interested in this entertainment in an instant .
the perpetual commendations of the lady either on his hand-writing .
their eyes were immediately wandering up in the street in quest of the officers .
putting in many striking additions to adorn it withal .
was to distribute her presents and describe the newest fashions .
who agreed in wishing .
and of late it has been shifting about pretty much .
it 's a prime comfort to see faces that 's friendly
you see we knew right where to put our hands on them , by your description .
you 've hendered me long enough . ''
better ' n anybody else in this town .
from these particulars , that mr. wickham's circumstances are not so hopeless as they are generally believed to be .
and when i next write to her , i shall charge her not to neglect it on any account .
younger sons can not marry where they like . ''
`` what my curiosity must be to know how a person unconnected with any of us .
but the old man 's eye was upon him and he made blunder after blunder .
so the one went off with one group of scholars , and the other with another .
put it hastily away .
and her great anxiety for the recovery of her dear friend jane .
kitty owned that she had rather stay at home .
who 's banging ?
accept my thanks for the compliment you are paying me .
tied it to a projection .
`` you shall have it in few words .
`` and then you have added so much to it yourself , you are always buying books . ''
and under the weariness they gave him he fell asleep .
lizzy , '' said her mother , `` i would not dance with him , if i were you . ''
of a situation so desirable in every respect .
had given something more of fretfulness than usual , to the accents of kitty .
`` i never thought of that .
the idea soon reached to conviction .
tom had furnished these titles , from his favorite literature .
impossible ! ''
which will not be yours till after your mother's decease , is all that you may ever be entitled to .
`` be not alarmed .
he did not care to have huck 's company in public places .
it drew from her , however , the exertion of speaking , which nothing else had so effectually done before .
`` come , now , that 's enough of that .
determining probabilities .
and then. ``
oh , yes .
it was in the times and the courier , i know .
and where to run across it was the bother .
he loved 'em .
jane was distressed .
you know you're going to tell on me .
with sham vivacity : `` why , mary austin !
smaller boys than himself flocked at his heels .
`` for heaven 's sake .
while the contents of the first letter remained on her mind , she was all surprise .
huck said : `` tom , we can slope , if we can find a rope .
a stalagmite had been slowly growing up from the ground for ages .
this was fine .
so what 's the use of our being afeard ? ''
it is an advantage to have it so far from this part of the kingdom .
the two girls had been whispering to each other during the whole visit .
`` la !
and so , darcy did every thing .
mr. denny addressed them directly .
the pet of the old , the envy of the young .
that is , i believe they do . ''
`` please , tom .
they gradually ceased to talk , and sat gazing into the fire , with their minds evidently wandering elsewhere .
fine boy .
then tom marched out of the house and over the hills and far away .
we are now anxious to be assured it has taken place .
say , tom ! ''
elizabeth , at work in the opposite corner , saw it all with great delight .
and whose sharp points curved forward abreast the corners of his mouth .
after listening for a few minutes .
`` have you any other objection , '' said elizabeth , `` than your belief of my indifference ? ''
even elizabeth might have found some trial of her patience in weather .
here , run , somebody !
at last they conspired together and hit upon a plan that promised a dazzling victory .
you ! ''
and elizabeth was on the point of going away again .
he felt much as an astronomer feels who has discovered a new planet .
you see by jane 's account , was persuaded of his never intending to marry her .
she was in hopes that the evening would afford some opportunity of bringing them together .
what felicity !
it will not do .
for to love , ardent love , it must be attributed .
i would n't say it for the whole world .
`` may we take my uncle 's letter to read to her ? ''
and fixed his eyes upon herself .
judge thatcher had conceived a great opinion of tom .
`` shucks !
and am only concerned that their living together before the marriage took place , should be so generally known .
religious girl in the school is always the longest and the most relentlessly pious .
they must be drowned , else hunger would have driven them home by nightfall if not sooner .
the cavern were being ransacked that had never been visited before .
this phase filled the old lady 's heart with consternation .
any thing beyond the very neighbourhood of longbourn , i suppose , would appear far . ''
a frightened look in becky 's face brought tom to his
and who has lived in the world , is ill qualified to recommend himself to strangers ? ''
he knew he was within five steps of the stile leading into widow douglas' grounds .
lost not a moment in asking whether any thing had been heard of the fugitives .
`` did n't she stay with you last night ? ''
it must be that box !
who were usually tempted thither three or four times a week .
she had not at first thought very seriously of going thither .
suppose you find a brass pot with a hundred dollars in it .
by the arrival of some of the very persons of whom they had been speaking .
elizabeth silently attended her .
no arguments shall be wanting on my part , that can alleviate so severe a misfortune .
but because a new and powerful interest bore them down and drove them out of his mind for the time .
but dropped them again when his own counsel said : `` i have no questions to ask him . ''
pretty grave , unromantic men , too , some of them .
he had contemplated a good part of the performance before he contributed his bit of variety to it .
`` lord , tom , they 're coming !
elizabeth joined them again only to say that her sister was worse , and that she could not leave her .
`` why , tom sawyer , we would n't be alive two days if that got found out .
`` dern 'd if i would , '' said huck .
and at the first convenient pause .
) i could not satisfy myself without resolving to chuse a wife from among his daughters .
she observed it .
softly .
that the two heroes were not long in becoming insufferably `` stuck-up . ''
i think , when i call charles most capable of engaging any woman 's heart .
or any peculiarity of manner .
elizabeth , as they drove along , watched for the first appearance of pemberley woods with some perturbation .
like many other simple-hearted souls .
kitty and lydia were far from envying miss lucas , for mr. collins was only a clergyman .
`` if that disagreeable mr. darcy is not coming here again with our dear bingley !
in a half whisper , '' that this adventure has rather affected your admiration of her fine eyes . ''
but i always delight in overthrowing those kind of schemes , and cheating a person of their premeditated contempt .
somebody said .
huck was silent while he framed a duly cautious reply .
and prefer him to every other man .
and that its ill-success might perhaps authorise her to seek the other less interesting mode of attachment .
when this was done , she had a less active part to play .
had it been your uncle 's doing , i must and would have paid him .
darcy ? ''
that he was prevailed on to think as they thought , and act as they wished .
he delighted in going to pemberley , especially when he was least expected .
you forced me into visiting him last year .
elizabeth lifted up her eyes in amazement , but was too much oppressed to make any reply .
elizabeth 's spirits soon rising to playfulness again .
and a special licence .
oh , you made him shut it . ''
was the sacred presence there ?
as to what he should do .
and walk .
i 'll tell my big brother on you .
who did not know the whole story before the end of the day ? ''
about half-past ten the cracked bell of the small church began to ring .
and had any thing of the kind been perceptible .
it's just worry and worry , and sweat and sweat , and a-wishing you was dead all the time .
and when she had gone through the whole letter .
but i knew i should persuade you at last .
but i hardly know what .
huck began to pick up his scattered clothes .
there 's an old rusty pick over amongst the weeds in the corner the other side of the fireplace .
`` well why do n't you do it ?
do cure the younger girls of running after the officers.. and .
but when this subject was succeeded by his account of mr. wickham .
it was .
that a mistress for it might be found at longbourn .
and on which there could be no difference of sentiment .
and mr. darcy 's explanation .
if she had not happened to see mr. jones 's shop boy in the street .
ranges and the trackless great plains of the far west .
`` and which of the two do you call my little recent piece of modesty ? ''
and lady anne .
elizabeth was watchful enough to see it all .
made her perhaps almost as happy as jane .
such affability and condescension , as he had himself experienced from lady catherine .
`` we are speaking of music .
this sort of life might be romantic enough .
well , you did n't get a lick amiss , i reckon .
tom said : `` he said under the cross .
and .
but their astonishment was beyond their expectation .
you want to find out that he is mercenary . ''
nominally engaged with one of the largest folios in the collection .
he wrote me a few lines on wednesday .
'' said elizabeth , `` if you were sure that they would not offer to send her home . ''
`` oh , yes ! .
there are few people whom i really love , and still fewer of whom i think well .
i was uncomfortable enough .
wherein he had scooped a shallow hollow to catch the precious drop that
and backed by a ridge of high woody hills.. and in front .
she again took her seat at the head of her table , and in spirits oppressively high .
and .
the yelps continued , and so did the dog .
where they had been educated .
`` oh !
`` what 'll you give ? ''
no sound fell upon his listening ear .
you are to understand , that my uncle and aunt were horrid unpleasant all the time i was with them .
so he lay still , and stared up into the dark .
in which she was readily joined by jane .
but robbers always have orgies , and of course we 've got to have them , too .
`` when i said that he improved on acquaintance .
neither had any thing occurred in the intelligence of their lambton friends , that could materially lessen its weight .
were i distractedly in love with him , i can not say that i regret my comparative insignificance .
and she had to hide her griefs and still her broken heart and take up the cross of a long .
`` he made a little mistake to be sure .
it 's better . ''
and in a moment the streets were swarming with frantic half-clad people , who shouted , `` turn out !
but he knew the ground of old , and the clergyman 's regular route over it .
addressed to their father .
and with no one to speak to .
she blushed at the very idea .
`` you ca n't . ''
while the family were in this confusion , charlotte lucas came to spend the day with them .
there was such a succession of rain as prevented their walking to meryton once .
huck , less not try that thing any more till we know injun joe 's not in there .
when dinner was over .
i 'll just take and. ``
i 'll leave it to huck if i have n't . ''
who had probably been his own companion from childhood .
who encouraged me , and watched over me , and gave me a beautiful bible .
ii .
her daughters were eagerly called to partake of her joy .
you have withheld the advantages , which you must know to have been designed for him .
for such as have the light and the good tidings .
a little fearful of my sister 's happiness with him in marriage .
the old lady is mrs. jenkinson , who lives with them .
he was from constantinople , twelve miles away .
and we overtook william goulding in his curricle .
bingley looked a little silly at this reflection .
jane recollected herself soon .
all right , i 'll tackle it again . ''
you must therefore allow me to follow the dictates of my conscience on this occasion .
in spite of all his endeavours , he had found impossible to conquer .
i am sorry to pain you .
his close-buttoned blue cloth roundabout was new and natty , and so were his pantaloons .
if we 'd ' a ' left the blame tools at the dead tree .
the crowd fell apart , now , and the sheriff came through , ostentatiously leading potter by the arm .
he was all attention in an instant .
lady lucas could not be insensible of triumph on being able to
but though every thing seemed neat and comfortable .
`` i do n't like to , much .
tom conned the thing a moment longer , and then added : `` all right , though .
but the misfortune of speaking with bitterness , is a most natural consequence of the prejudices i had been encouraging .
how well it sounds .
never .
`` but at the same time .
what i have just told you i would not .
in making me the offer .
and miss lucas .
this was despair .
this was praise , of all others most extraordinary , most opposite to her ideas .
`` it 's so nice .
plenty bully enough for me .
and with these words he hastily left the room .
soon he observed that she was tripping gayly back and forth with flushed face and dancing eyes .
mr. collins was also in the same state of angry pride .
but will they make you happy ? ''
'' answered mrs. hurst , `` in running away without telling us that you were coming out . ''
or under what misrepresentation , can you here impose upon others ? ''
mr. darcy sends you all the love in the world , that he can spare from me .
of whose beauty he had heard much .
but merely because tom said there were so many cases where people had
the girl had simply made a convenience of him to vent her spite upon tom sawyer .
always showing off ! ''
`` it has been coming on so gradually , that i hardly know when it began .
smothered them with kisses and poured out thanksgivings .
`` by god , that's. ``
'' replied darcy .
so very weak and vain and nonsensical as i knew i had !
they went straight ahead , then , until they came to the path that led up cardiff hill .
please make up , wo n't you ? ''
i do not like to boast of my own child , but to be sure , jane .
and then , what do you think we did ?
it 's the snuggest hole in this country .
`` i was in miss peters ' class , where i always go .
one of the reasons why tom 's mind had drifted away from its secret troubles was .
tom said , with quivering lips and halting utterance : `` i 'll help you .
even supposing the best .
whispered tom .
twenty or thirty steps within the sombre depths of the forest .
about her picnic came scorching back and filled her with shame .
on the contrary , there is something pleasing about his mouth when he speaks .
do you remember what i wrote on the slate ? ''
though not in general backward to credit what was for the advantage of her family .
have given any thing to be privileged to tell him .
he actually danced with her twice .
but her husband was rough on me .
there was no getting around the authorities , so joe turned , received the whack and fell .
no note of time and that night was about at hand .
the children groped their way back to the spring .
then arose a slim .
he must be supposing her to be thinking of jane and netherfield .
but they did pass away .
bingley met them with hopes that mrs. bennet had not found miss bennet worse than she expected .
* * * * * `` good gracious ! ''
whom they had never seen before .
my dear sister .
`` no governess !
that you find great enjoyment in occasionally professing opinions which in fact are not your own . ''
perhaps , if i have very good luck , i may meet with another mr. collins in time . ''
as he was going the next morning to london .
after sitting for a moment in silence .
most earnestly did she then intreat him to lose no more time before he wrote .
jane , you ought to believe me.. no one who has ever seen you together , can doubt his affection .
and the boys made cups of broad oak or hickory leaves .
i shall tell colonel forster it will be quite a shame if he does not . ''
and then you looked so good .
`` poor fellow ! ''
she as often found him looking at jane .
to be prevented by a young woman of inferior birth .
or do i ask too much , to introduce my sister to your acquaintance during your stay at lambton ? ''
how many of my readers would have the industry and application to memorize two thousand verses .
she can not grow many degrees worse .
her resolution was for a short time involuntarily kept by the approach of her sister .
but the turmoil within him was too great .
describe them , my boy ! ''
by the earnestness of her congratulations to sir william .
every thing was settled between them to the satisfaction of both .
i was sure you loved your girls too well to neglect such an acquaintance .
tom was aggravated .
to keep everybody suffering 'most a week so you boys had a good time .
'' said she .
mrs. reynolds could interest her on no other point .
so they got a crippled pick and a shovel , and set out on their three-mile tramp .
he gazed a moment , and then turned sorrowfully away .
it 's a good enough tick for me . ''
then huck told his entire adventure in confidence to tom .
and till the next day , it was only known that a gentleman had called on business .
with five or six thousand a year .
the welshman admitted several ladies and gentlemen .
or , as the happiest alternative , been secluded from the world , in some distant farm house .
she is on her road somewhere .
if possible .
chow-ch-chow-chow ! ''
had actually taken the trouble of this journey from rosings .
but the talk soon began to drag , and then died .
you did what ? ''
it was such a pity that lydia should be taken from a regiment where she was acquainted with every body .
and gathered by odds and ends that it was conjectured at
rather than his disappointing the hopes and disgracing the memory of his father . ''
the winning ways .
when mrs. bennet was told of this .
his chin was propped on a spreading cravat which was as broad and as long as a bank-note .
he smiled , and assured her that whatever she wished him to say should be said .
hostile indians could not break the bread of hospitality together without first making peace .
at one time she had almost resolved on applying to him .
how the men did n't believe the wild tale at first .
the ladies of longbourn soon waited on those of netherfield .
she was so overcome by the splendor of his achievement that she took him
`` only this .
he began after this fashion : `` now .
as well as i do .
she had obtained private intelligence that mr. darcy did not wish for cards .
as she spoke .
and traversed it in silence a long way .
joe and huck still slept .
that my niece should be married from this house , of which i hope you will approve .
all this was acknowledged to mrs. gardiner .
may be of service .
for the sake of saying something that might turn her mother 's thoughts .
they crossed it by a simple bridge , in character with the general air of the scene .
i never heard you speak ill of a human being in my life . ''
but all things have an end .
read three pages .
now , if he 'd committed a million sins ! ''
no result .
found elizabeth 's arm inadequate to her support , and consequently preferred her husband 's .
injun joe took the pick .
`` well , try to recollect .
and the deficiency of nature had been but little assisted by education or society .
he unrolled it .
it would be better to explore some of these than bear the weight of the heavy time in idleness .
he turned , and his eyes met huckleberry 's .
i am afraid i did not do so much as i might have done !
and tomorrow you 'll catch it ! ''
therefore .
mary said she had been affected much the same way .
though without seeming to have any intention of speaking .
while mrs. jenkinson was arranging miss de bourgh 's foot-stool , that she said , 'mr .
and speaking of the latter especially , with gentle but very intelligible gallantry .
so highly gratify whatever of her own vanity she had not yet been able to reason away .
he had brought his sorrows to an unpromising market : `` tom .
her mother 's ungraciousness , made the sense of what they owed him more painful to elizabeth 's mind .
this economy meant so much !
and becky took the chief place in the boy 's interest .
tom slipped out in good season with his aunt's old tin lantern .
of my conduct .
`` no .
so as to be under supervision .
`` and what is your success ? ''
it was his very words ! ''
an hour , however , saw the whole completed .
but his eagerness to grasp at any thing .
she was still very poorly .
'' said her father .
to fish there as often as he chose .
there .
from what i can collect .
it seems , and there they are to stay , i do not know how long .
jane could have no reserves from elizabeth , where confidence would give pleasure .
mr. bennet , you are wanted immediately .
`` and they carry the women to the island , '' said joe .
the lads searched and researched this place , but in vain .
sir william and lady lucas are determined to go .
still no result .
this was the great judge thatcher , brother of their own lawyer .
yes , i know just how you feel , mrs. harper , i know just exactly how you feel .
but i have an aunt , too , who must not be longer neglected . ''
cried elizabeth , brightening up for a moment .
it was impossible to think of any thing else .
( like myself ) to set the example of matrimony in his parish .
but no one was less likely than mrs. bennet to find
did it again .
there was a silence and an air of solemnity that struck a chill to the culprit 's heart .
so it was close upon the middle of the afternoon when they got back to camp .
their first subject was her sister .
for once , and you need n't take any more medicine . ''
her eye is brightest , her step is lightest in the gay assembly .
'' replied mr. gardiner , `` there is no absolute proof that they are not gone to scotland . ''
let him go if he wants to .
by many significant looks and silent entreaties , did she endeavour to prevent such a proof of complaisance , .
had the late mr. darcy liked me less , his son might have borne with me better .
they were certainly no friends to his acquaintance with me .
now , that 's got hope enough , or strength enough , either , to go on searching . ''
sometimes dirty and sometimes cold , did january and february pass away .
however , he voluntarily acknowledged that the necessity of his absence had been self imposed .
and it is a sort of attention which i conceive myself peculiarly bound to pay . ''
wickham 's alarm now appeared in a heightened complexion and agitated look .
you 'll see , when we get to the widow douglas ' . ''
tom said to himself that it was not such a hollow world , after all .
and if that were the case .
it 's that dreadful murder .
and read off `` notices '' of meetings and societies and things till
she wanted to hear of him , when there seemed the least chance of gaining intelligence .
to rosings he then hastened to console lady catherine , and her daughter .
teaze him .
suddenly the minister shouted at the top of his voice : `` praise god from whom all blessings flow .
`` do you though ? ''
from these instructions they were summoned by the arrival of the coach .
and above it all the great man sat and beamed a majestic judicial smile upon all the house .
to pleasanter musings , and he fell asleep at last with becky 's latest words lingering dreamily in his ear .
after his return from london , whither he was obliged to go the next day for a short time .
the northern mocker .
both held their breath and listened .
'' she added , `` but i am afraid he has turned out very wild . ''
with such a smile over the face .
'' continued her mother .
`` i should have judged better .
and then i should have gone quite distracted .
than a slight inclination of the head , and sat down without saying a word .
'' were her words .
instead of spending his whole income .
are quite well . ''
injun joe 's ghost is round about there , certain . ''
or he would never have called on us in this familiar way . ''
of its being a degradation .
not exactly .
the minister related many a touching incident in the lives of the departed .
the circle in hertfordshire to which he was known , would not have recognised it for mr. darcy .
certain sure . ''
for there was not a dry spot to sleep on , anywhere around .
`` it 's a bad sign , '' said aunt polly , gravely .
and then explained that it was merely with the view of enjoying her society that he
he said : `` do you love rats ? ''
a minute or two later the skiff 's head was standing high up .
and the other he put in joe 's hat and removed it to a little distance from the owner .
presently the spelling-book discovery was made .
`` i am sorry it went off .
he then held a position at the gate for some time .
as elizabeth had no longer any interest of her own to pursue .
i longed to know whether he would be married in his blue coat .
young people are seldom withheld by immediate want of fortune .
i am afraid you will not be able to make it out .
it is falling now .
without any previous acquaintance with her .
i got to wear shoes all sunday .
a sound as of shivering glass followed .
had his character been known , this could not have happened .
i won't come bothering around .
inquired huck .
and then he dropped her out of his mind and put his attention upon his business .
though when you 're burying it if you say 'down bean .
if your abhorrence of me should make my assertions valueless .
if elizabeth .
`` you 're a liar ! ''
and who cares for that , i 'd like to know .
`` that 's the talk ! ''
mr. collins invited them to take a stroll in the garden .
and the object of that love .
pray apologise for my having disliked him so much before .
she began his account of what had happened at netherfield .
i will take care of myself , and of mr. wickham too .
their sister 's wedding day arrived .
perhaps he had been civil , only because he felt himself at ease .
two obstacles of the five being thus removed .
we are persuaded that he has pledged himself to assist mr. wickham with money . ''
now my hearties ! ''
i thought i understood from the gardiners that you had . ''
with his face close to the crack of the door .
and they had all taken their seats .
though goodness knows i 'm unworthy of it .
the children fastened their eyes upon their bit of candle and watched it melt slowly and pitilessly away .
`` i certainly have not the talent which some people possess .
did `` yawl '' duty at the boat 's stern .
mrs. harper gave a sobbing goodnight and turned to go .
and led him to sacrifice his own happiness to the caprice of their inclinations .
it was just what the minister got .
which he has legally hired , without raising all this speculation !
`` i forgive you everything , sid .
they were wide apart in the woods , both very pale , both fast asleep .
which is not likely , can i suppose her so lost to every thing ? .
she halted a moment on the steps and then moved toward the door .
but though he was now established only as a tenant .
and in his behaviour to me , there were stronger impulses even than pride . ''
`` say , tom .
his acquaintance with elizabeth was very trifling . ''
she observed him looking at her earnestly .
he was the cause .
but wo n't the widow take it away from us , tom ?
and such beatings at heart , that i can get no rest by night nor by day .
they all paint tables , cover skreens and net purses .
`` wickham , perhaps , is my favourite .
`` richard ?
`` sh ! ''
ten thousand a year !
what do you keep saying you will for ?
the history of his acquaintance with mr. darcy .
i dare say he often hears worse things said than i am going to say .
and when the party entered the assembly room , it consisted of only five altogether .
`` did you , tom , did you !
they would run out and sprawl on the dry .
how fairy-like does everything appear to her enchanted vision !
no indeed you would n't .
people who have probably been concerned in the business ? .
of the spades discharging their freight of mould and gravel .
and lydia led voluntarily to subjects , which her sisters would not have alluded to for the world .
and every day was adding to the verdure of the early trees .
`` i admire all my three sons-in-law highly , '' said he .
but she did not .
but he is a liberal master .
`` why , how you talk !
and you will hear him generally cried up as the most attentive and best of brothers . ''
.
and she loved to contemplate her most transparent devices as marvels of low cunning .
and , as she is under his sole care , he may do what he likes with her . ''
and knew not what answer she returned to his civil enquiries after her family .
for with shame and repentance becky had told him all , not forgetting her own treachery .
but her sister 's was involved in it , as she thought he must be sensible himself .
received some confirmation from what had passed between colonel fitzwilliam and herself only the morning before .
it was agreed to .
she sat down .
jane and kitty followed , but lydia stood her ground , determined to hear all she could .
that in enumerating the miseries of a marriage with one .
the day passed much as the day before had done .
`` blame it , i ai n't going to stir him much . ''
but little had she dared to hope that so much love and eloquence awaited her there .
engaged to mr. darcy !
however , his civility was so far awakened as to enquire of elizabeth after the health of her family .
`` lem me see him , huck .
and though her intentions did not vary for an instant .
`` true .
becky responded to his call , and they made a smoke-mark for future guidance , and started upon their quest .
first by him .
too late he divined her `` drift . ''
why did n't you come and wake me ? ''
and now i got to swing for it , and it 's right .
and every thing was fitted up and arranged with a neatness
do you think that any consideration would tempt me to accept the man .
respect , esteem , and confidence , had vanished for ever .
what is it ? ''
if one moved , the other moved .
i shall certainly not be kept from it .
spare the rod and spile the child , as the good book says .
elizabeth related to jane the next day , what had passed between mr. wickham and herself .
in her reply to the letter which announced its arrangement .
the hole deepened and still deepened .
might be remarked , he meant to make enquiries at clapham .
tom was tugging at a button-hole and looking sheepish .
and when the carriage drove up to the door .
after breakfast his aunt took him aside .
but he gave up every thing to be of use to the late mr. darcy .
well , we 've tried jackson 's island a little , and we can try it again some time .
when he walked the floor and stamped his foot and said that .
`` well , i was afeard . ''
wait !
'' said she , `` and i am more obliged to you than i can express . ''
`` i 'll try to , tom , but , lord , i 'm all of a shiver . ''
your profusion makes me saving .
shedding clothes as they went .
`` true .
from street to street , and within five minutes the bells were wildly clanging and the whole town was up !
the tumult of her mind was now painfully great .
but jane knows , as well as i do , what wickham really is .
it saved her from something like regret .
it was not in her nature , however , to increase her vexations , by dwelling on them .
by nature inoffensive , friendly and obliging , his presentation at st. james 's had made him courteous .
and so abrupt was his appearance , that it was impossible to avoid his sight .
our importance .
the children left for school .
he had to eat with a knife and fork .
and blasted the prospects of mr. wickham.. wilfully and wantonly to have thrown off the companion of my youth .
`` i reckon i ai n't dressed fitten for a pirate .
injun joe helped to raise the body of the murdered man and put it in a wagon for removal .
bingley . ''
`` nothing child , nothing .
for he was not twenty-five feet high , nor even anywhere in the neighborhood of it .
his family knew him to be on all common occasions .
he 'd kill us some time or other , just as dead sure as we 're a laying here . ''
but never to admit them in your sight , or allow their names to be mentioned in your hearing . ''
miss de bourgh was pale and sickly .
they owed the restoration of lydia , her character , every thing to him .
and this offer of marriage you have refused ? ''
it is .
her tour to the lakes was now the object of her happiest thoughts .
she followed him thither .
to inform him of our present arrangements .
ben stared a moment and then said : `` hi-yi !
it is not of peculiar , but of general evils , which i am now complaining .
on his side even more .
mrs. gardiner then rallied her niece on wickham 's desertion , and complimented her on bearing it so well .
and in a cause of such moment as this , i shall certainly not depart from it .
i shall go to my brother .
lady catherine continued her remarks on elizabeth 's performance , mixing with them many instructions on execution and taste .
scarcely dared lift her eyes to his face .
the colour now rushed into elizabeth 's cheeks in the instantaneous conviction of its being a letter from the nephew .
and to give me his directions , which i particularly begged him to do .
and .
when it occurred to him that if he came into court with that argument .
they went on .
they 've hid treasures here somewhere .
him picturesque in the days when he was free and happy .
were dwelt on with a warmth which seemed due to the consequence he was wounding .
for do not expect to be noticed by his family or friends .
to degenerate from the popular qualities , or lose the influence of the pemberley house , is a powerful motive .
and a little bit of hot supper afterwards .
i had no notion but he would go a shooting .
they quickly perceived .
it was an earnest .
and you went to bed .
`` i dare say you will find him very agreeable . ''
but she .
to mr. darcy it was welcome intelligence .
let 's try some other way , so as not to go through there . ''
yet , whenever she did speak , she must be vulgar .
as they walked along , `` perhaps we may see something of captain carter before he goes . ''
the coach .
and tried hard to keep back the tears , but they would come .
she soon learnt that his resolution of following her from derbyshire in quest of her sister .
five mile from here . ''
the inquiring eye was upon him .
i am afraid he has been very imprudent , and has deserved to lose mr. darcy's regard . ''
what do you kiss for ? ''
as he thought he saw .
she felt it to be the probable consequence of her allusions to mr. wickham , and rejoiced in it .
but that is nothing to us .
i scarcely know any one who can not do all this .
let it give you consolation to consider that .
now .
remember .
'' said she , `` though i am not her particular friend .
and his saturated hair was neatly brushed , and its short curls wrought into a dainty and symmetrical general effect .
[ illustration : dove-dale ] pride & prejudice .
i quite detest the man . ''
the paling of rosings park was their boundary on one side .
he paused in hopes of an answer .
your 's , very sincerely , `` m .
'' said fitzwilliam , `` but it is lessening the honour of my cousin 's triumph very sadly . ''
in order that he might be ready for either career or both .
and yet mary had acquired two bibles in this way .
but he 's gone now .
and then delivered a war-whoop and set off round and round the room .
and took his flogging .
but are you pleased , jane ?
this truth is so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families .
and scarcely knowing what she felt .
she did not finish .
march was to take elizabeth to hunsford .
and the hospitality and politeness which had marked their behaviour to their guests .
how did he know she was a-witching him ? ''
miss darcy 's praise occupied the chief of it .
and by-and-by a smile dawned and rested there .
and snatched the knife and jammed it into him , just as he fetched you another awful clip .
`` why .
bingley .
than as her ignorance and folly had contributed to his amusement .
the boys seized each others ' hands and fled .
he did trace them easily to clapham , but no farther .
and that when she could spare the money she would start him in business in a modest way .
moving , in some direction , in any direction , was at least progress and might bear fruit .
`` no , '' assented tom , `` they do n't kill the women .
arrived at the dreadful place , he wormed his small body through the crowd and saw the dismal spectacle .
blamed old rip ! ''
after abusing you so abominably to your face .
`` if you mean darcy .
for a few moments , indeed , she felt that he would probably strike into some other path .
`` i desire you will do no such thing .
the boys began to quiet down to whispers .
oh , i know what the matter is !
and lots of times he 's kind of stood by me when i was out of luck . ''
for frivolity and jokes and spotted tights were an offense .
his aunt polly stood surprised a moment , and then broke into a gentle laugh .
i am confident that she would have performed delightfully .
`` i do not know.. i hope there was.. but to be guarded at such a time .
and then a sickening disappointment always followed .
and she began to cry .
because she must feel that she has been acting wrong .
and then .
good gracious !
they were a vain and boastful company of heroes when the tale was done .
three .
or to relate her own change of sentiment towards him .
i did n't neither , but all at once it popped onto me that it was friday . ''
altogether the most august creation these children had ever looked upon .
but with respect to any other leading characteristic , i do not imagine that much has been unfolded . ''
friends that she had hardly a good feature in her face .
though briefly.. the situation of your mother's family .
wishing .
`` all right !
till i can forget his father , i can never defy or expose him . ''
or that it will be in her power to persuade him that instead of being in love with you .
he was regarded as a wonderful reader .
i am not afraid of being overpowered by the impression .
both sisters were uncomfortable enough .
the boys gazed awhile , half expecting to see a blue light flit past a window .
huck 's eyes blazed .
they smoked their own names under an overhanging shelf and moved on .
a moment later she was reading tom 's piece of bark through
tom presently began to drift insensibly back into the concerns of this life again .
`` i do not see what right mr. darcy had to decide on the propriety of his friend 's inclination .
unless when some barbarous neighbour .
after seeing .
`` i am certainly the most fortunate creature that ever existed ! ''
in order to assure us of his concern .
and then proceeded to relate the particulars of their interview .
and after making his bow as the carriage turned into the park , hurried home with the great intelligence .
she was one of those people who are infatuated with patent
in the course of jane and elizabeth 's correspondence with her .
because of a prevailing juvenile superstition that to cross water baffled pursuit .
and took her place in the set .
2 we're after . ''
and the other pirates got ready to fish and explore .
with your good sense , to be so honestly blind to the follies and nonsense of others !
`` you appear to me , mr. darcy , to allow nothing for the influence of friendship and affection .
apologising for his intrusion .
i have a high respect for your nerves .
but still no good news came from the cave .
without confessing the grave-robbery that preceded it .
as to consent to live with him on any other terms than marriage ? ''
elizabeth on finishing this letter .
lady catherine observed .
'' said sid , `` but if he 'd been better in some ways. ``
every detail of the damaging circumstances that occurred in the graveyard upon that
single , my dear , to be sure !
friend as to me.. but there were other causes of repugnance.. causes which .
he said : `` aunt , you do n't whack sid when he takes it . ''
if he meant any thing , he must mean an allusion to what might arise in that quarter .
i 'm thankful to the good god and father of us all i 've got you back .
as bingley had now been gone a week , and nothing was heard of his return .
then he began to feel badly and fear that he was in the wrong .
`` yes , and i had heard it before .
a natural defect , which not even the best education can overcome . ''
you will never get a husband at all .
i did n't notice , but it seems ever so long since i heard any of the others . ''
facing the door , with their backs to the wall , and the speaker continued his remarks .
a question which she could not answer without confusion , said scarcely any thing .
mrs. bennet was in fact too much overpowered to say a great deal while sir william remained .
mamma would like to go too of all things !
`` pray do .
she endeavoured to forget what she could not overlook .
and mind and behave yourself and do n't be any trouble . ''
my boy .
and where she felt beyond the reach of lady catherine 's curiosity .
and within view of his own warehouses , could have been so well bred and agreeable .
he had but one marring thought .
at last she recollected that she had been travelling .
invectives against the villanous conduct of wickham , and complaints of her own sufferings and ill usage .
mrs. bennet was diffuse in her good wishes for the felicity of her daughter .
no need of the as yet un-dreamed-of telegraph .
and nobody but a governess can give it .
however .
then she rolled him up in a wet sheet and put him away under blankets till she
and perhaps you have even now said as much to encourage my suit
he turned to his partner .
elizabeth was too much embarrassed to say a word .
for my sake .
the boys had a long talk , but it brought them little comfort .
labyrinth under labyrinth , and no end to any of them .
my love .
`` dear ma'am .
and i wo n't .
who naturally looks for happiness in the marriage state .
she tossed her head and passed on .
a persuasion which of course recommended him still more .
since the .
ordinarily one could find half a dozen bits of candle stuck around in the crevices of this vestibule .
monday morning always found him so .
to it and armed the spreading fingers with a portentous fan .
and was allowed by the treacherous nun to bleed his strength away through his neglected wound .
and which must appear at least with equal force in his own case , was almost incredible !
had you not been really amiable you would have hated me for it .
and you would n't take any money for those two thousand verses .
`` you may depend on it .
her niece was .
this was satisfactory , and so these adventures were carried out .
tom , now 's a mighty good time to get that box , if injun joe's drunk . ''
in spite of that pollution which its woods had received .
when we first knew her in hertfordshire .
tom , quaking with fear , yielded , and put his eye to the crack .
and now and then they stooped in a group and splashed water in each other 's faces with their palms .
the teacher , a grave , elderly man , interfered .
sister , '' ( for mrs. philips first brought her the news . )
and then hurried away to dress .
all undressed for bed .
his heart was full of pity for her .
but a hermit he has to be praying considerable .
with shreds and bark gathered from the under sides of sheltered logs , they coaxed the fire to burn again .
tom knew that when his name was pronounced in full , it meant trouble .
with the promise of balls and young men , her father would never consent to her going .
kind of careless like .
she could almost have joined in maria 's astonishment , at her being so thin , and so small .
he could not help it .
the raft drew beyond the middle of the river .
his affection for her soon sunk into indifference .
the old lady was bending down , tom watching , with interest emphasized by anxiety .
as at herself , and frequently on no object but the ground .
elizabeth coloured , and said .
she had turned away .
she turned over some music books that lay on the instrument .
who had been little used to company .
however little mr. darcy might have liked such an address .
though less expeditiously , married in london , than in scotland . ''
about a twelvemonth ago , was now brought forward again .
he would join the indians .
does your charge give you much trouble ?
maria 's alarm was every moment increasing .
mr. wickham began to speak on more general topics .
i only hope they may have half my good luck .
from whose ceiling depended a multitude of shining stalactites of the length and circumference of a man 's leg .
the housekeeper came forward .
the other place is bad .
if the bodies continued missing until sunday .
might be alleviated on his side .
now and then casting a yearning eye down upon the haunted house
on their first arrival in london .
as long a dream as that , without any mistakes in it ! ''
the rain continued the whole evening without intermission .
from what she saw .
mr. bingley had danced with her twice , and she had been distinguished by his sisters .
he is nothing to us , you know , and i am sure i never want to see him again .
the place was grandly lighted , and everybody that was of any consequence in the village was there .
's opinion had always been.. neither could she deny the justice of his description of jane.. she felt that jane's feelings .
had lost much of its animation , and almost all its sense , by the absence of jane and elizabeth .
they seemed each of them to have the happiest memories in the world .
even the boisterous winds unanimously came forth from their mystic homes .
her air was not conciliating .
huck shuddered .
but tom did not wait for the rest .
they were interrupted by miss bennet , who came to fetch her mother's tea .
clamorous and effusive as it might have been under happier circumstances .
mary would not understand them .
why should he have it more than anybody else ? ''
as i told lady catherine myself one day , has deprived the british court of its brightest ornament .
then he 'll do just the way he always does .
finn the red-handed had stolen a skillet and a quantity of half-cured leaf tobacco .
but however insincere you may choose to be , you shall not find me so .
said .
i wish we had some sort of description of those rascals .
`` no ! ''
but that colonel fitzwilliam had been sitting with them at least an hour .
and the request made .
the next day and the day after .
`` for when you went to town last winter .
a few steps brought them to the spring , and tom felt a shudder quiver all through him .
he walked away again immediately , and she was left to fret over her own want of presence of mind .
how little did you tell me of what passed at pemberley and lambton !
i only fear that the sort of cautiousness .
was depending on the plan .
as if wishing to make her feel what she had lost in refusing him .
he was about to begin to groan .
are sometimes a little difficult to manage .
tom patiently returned it to its place .
`` now , '' said joe , getting up , `` you got to let me kill you .
not all that mrs. bennet .
the dimensions of the rooms , and the price of the furniture , in vain .
and then groups and couples began to slip aside into branch avenues .
`` for your housekeeper .
`` the bark i had wrote on to tell you we 'd gone pirating .
`` i can not see why mrs. forster should not ask me as well as lydia .
`` yes : but look here .
they discovered that the island was about three miles long and a quarter of a mile wide .
before she told her sister of mr. darcy 's proposals .
and before she could strike into another path , she was overtaken by wickham .
`` i should like it beyond any thing ! ''
but i will venture to say that my investigations and decisions are not usually influenced by my hopes or
consoled by this resolution , she was the better able to bear her husband 's incivility .
though costing her some trouble .
but i very well remember that i never liked her , and that her manners were dictatorial and insolent .
that he declared he might almost have supposed himself in the small summer breakfast parlour at rosings .
i 'd be killed , sure .
imputing his visit to a wish of hearing that she were better .
elizabeth said nothing , but it gratified her exceedingly .
`` oh .
so communing with himself .
he would snatch a hurried breakfast and go and find huck .
huck was in a close place .
his smiles and his easy address , while he claimed their relationship , would have delighted them all .
the two ladies were delighted to see their dear friend again .
judge thatcher 's house was on tom 's way , and he stopped to see becky .
now , as if determined not to be put down by the mirth .
they had a pleasant walk of about half a mile across
she said it was the last relic she should ever have of her child .
this attraction was too much for him .
combed and brushed .
there was a sound like the faintest , far-off shout .
`` but if that is the case .
the netherfield ladies would have had difficulty in believing that a man who lived by trade .
i am sure , but i did not think it right for either of them .
but i always speak what i think . ''
`` my dear lizzy , you can not think me so weak , as to be in danger now . ''
she had instinctively turned away .
`` he does not exactly recollect the circumstances .
they had a humble look .
but it is very likely that he may fall in love with one of them .
there was abundance of cold water to finish the feast with .
if i have been misled by such error .
and then said .
'' said she .
tom stepped on a stick , and it broke with a sharp snap .
agreeable-looking woman .
it was next to impossible that their cousin should come in a scarlet coat .
it was too sacred for such contact .
the box was soon unearthed .
madam .
this son was to join in cutting off the entail .
with his notions of dignity .
and then you may say whatever you like of me . ''
`` oh !
`` i am going to open the instrument , eliza , and you know what follows . ''
and being now free from all restraint , his life was a life of idleness and dissipation .
that mr. bennet seemed wholly disinclined at present , to leave london , and promised to write again very soon .
but really , and upon my honour , i will try to do what i think to be wisest .
`` no . ''
she shall hear my opinion . ''
his eyes were staring wide , now , and his breath suspended .
and when bingley was gone , jane constantly sought the same means of relief .
a key that would n't unlock anything .
the old lady sank down into a chair and laughed a little .
since jane united with great strength of feeling .
bar two hundred yards above the head of the island .
but if a man was dead sober , i reckon maybe that whack might fetch him .
and occasionally looking back and shaking his head and threatening what he would
and though i endeavoured to give her every assistance in my power .
they sat still , intent and waiting .
`` grieved .
`` so i did .
on second thoughts .
jumping over stiles and springing over puddles with impatient activity .
but to accept them is absolutely impossible .
it was possible .
`` and therefore if i should resolve to quit netherfield , i should probably be off in five minutes .
judge in a juvenile court that was trying a cat for murder .
and in farther justification of mr. darcy .
and saw in the motion of his lips the words `` apology .
mamma .
`` aye .
`` oh , tom , they can see in the dark , same as cats .
well , much good may it do them !
and he was determined .
tom .
yet if she feels it , it will easily account for her behaviour to me .
ting-a-ling-ling !
you taught me a lesson , hard indeed at first , but most advantageous .
old beams began to crack mysteriously .
dry without anybody knowing that that was what she had in her mind .
found fault with the arrangement of the furniture , or detected the housemaid in negligence .
luck ! .
by duets after supper .
though with some difficulty , persuaded her to wait , till her father was at leisure to be consulted .
elizabeth had never yet answered mrs. gardiner's long letter .
so often , and in so hurried a way , as plainly spoke the distraction of his thoughts .
and you ca n't bear to see anybody praised for doing good ones .
at any rate .
or by trying to avoid her , but by stiffness of manner and resentful silence .
and she bewailed it as exceedingly unlucky that the ladies should happen to go away .
but i have always observed , that they who are good-natured when children , are good-natured when they grow up .
the next morning , the bell began to toll , instead of ringing in the usual way .
for it led him to escape out of longbourn house the next morning with admirable slyness .
i have not a doubt of your doing very well together .
with all the observances which he supposed a regular part of the business .
and her spirits were a little fluttered by the idea of its being colonel fitzwilliam himself .
'' replied jane .
no thanks to his gallantry for that .
did not quarrel with him for his wish of independence .
his brother-in-law , mr. hurst , merely looked the gentleman .
say .
fact that pretty soon the town would `` hear something . ''
my resolution of thanking you for your kindness to lydia had certainly great effect .
might be more than i could bear , and that scenes might arise unpleasant to more than myself . ''
only for a few minutes to take leave .
elizabeth was now most heartily sorry that she had .
`` which of us does he mean ? ''
`` oh no , that would n't do for this .
i was given good principles , but left to follow them in pride and conceit .
and which no obligation less than the present should induce me to unfold to any human being .
as he meant to chuse one of the daughters .
and mrs. gardiner would have been highly gratified by her niece 's beginning the subject .
lady catherine listened to half a song , and then talked , as before , to her other nephew .
what makes you ask ? ''
`` yes , and her petticoat .
they entered the woods .
could he expect that her friends would not step forward ?
sir william and lady lucas were speedily applied to for their consent .
who considered it as the only security for her husband 's not being killed in a duel .
could not help writing her a much kinder answer than she knew was deserved .
`` but it is , '' returned she .
rock almost to their point of junction sixty feet overhead .
elizabeth was determined .
`` i do not blame jane .
on his knees , and went searching among the grass and the flickering reflections flung by the campfire .
`` i begin to be sorry that he comes at all , '' said jane to her sister .
yet it did , and even a third .
now smiled at the rapidity and ease with which an affair was finally settled .
`` yes , his misfortunes have been great indeed . ''
`` as i did the other day , '' said elizabeth , with a conscious smile .
and could very sincerely wish him happy .
and inquiringly at huck , who was tongue-tied .
he chose to elope with her at all .
will be renewed with yet greater satisfaction as sisters ? .
'' said she .
after going over so many , she really had no pleasure in fine carpets or satin curtains .
oh , he was the noblest man that ever was .
mrs. bennet invited him to dine with them .
she related the particulars of all the pecuniary transactions in which they had been connected .
and .
`` hallo , he 's stopped ! .
her figure was elegant .
we have judged it best .
the expression of his face changed gradually from indignant contempt to a composed and steady gravity .
say that urgent business calls us home immediately .
what am i to do ? ''
and was really persuaded that she talked as much as ever .
though fervent .
she was disappointed , and angry with herself for being so .
'' said aunt polly , `` he war n't bad , so to say .
is not it so , mrs .
who was several years younger than mrs. bennet and mrs. philips .
`` one 's the old deaf and dumb spaniard that 's ben around here once or twice .
one enjoyment was certain .
reflection must be reserved for solitary hours .
and there being only one card table in the evening , every such entertainment was the counterpart of the first .
in some skylarking bout .
the boys huddled themselves together and sought the friendly companionship of the fire .
then pray speak aloud .
so happy .
what sister would think herself at liberty to do it , unless there were something very objectionable ?
he conceded that there were some conspicuous advantages about a life of crime .
and whispered in her ear : `` put on your bonnet and let on you 're going home .
the excitement was gone .
elizabeth took up some needlework , and was sufficiently amused in attending to what passed between darcy and his companion .
that would induce you to accept me . ''
she repented , though she hardly knew of what .
blessed are they that mourn , for they .
as far as strong .
she coated them thoroughly with tallow , as was the custom , and brought them out .
she 'll get licked .
but i will make her know it . ''
was all astonishment at the effect of the meeting .
`` less see it . ''
she told the story however with great spirit among her friends .
it is not to be supposed that there was much affection in the case . ''
though modest hopes which jane entertained of bingley 's regard .
but georgiana would not join her .
ca n't find it .
but i bet you it will drop pretty flat . ''
and his aunt ended by telling him to help himself and quit bothering her .
and i can scarcely remember anything about it , but i think it was in some foreign country .
she was convinced .
they continued to whisper for some little time .
and now .
`` why did not you all learn ? .
he told her he had only shouted `` for luck . ''
mr. jones says we must not think of moving her .
she listened intently , but there was no answer .
in half a minute the letter was unfolded again .
`` i know very well .
all loveliness and goodness as she is !
until they were naked .
who , but three months before , had been almost an angel of light .
their taking her home .
that they were honoured by such an attention .
you meant it to be a sort of panegyric , of compliment to yourself .
his answer to this sudden attack was delightful to their mother 's ear .
`` auntie , i know now it was mean , but i did n't mean to be mean .
answered most readily , `` you are very kind , sir , i am sure .
`` well ?
four weeks passed away , and jane saw nothing of him .
for .
`` by jingo !
it was the only honourable provision for well-educated young women of small fortune .
[ ravishing delight overhead . ]
by the sight of mr. darcy approaching them , and at no great distance .
`` it 's devil-fire .
a mrs. younge .
imagine our surprise .
`` dream !
for mr. collins was walking the whole morning within view of the lodges opening into hunsford lane .
`` how unlucky that you should have a reasonable answer to give .
`` nobody wants you to .
miss bennet still looked all amazement .
then another .
`` indeed i have , sir , '' was her answer .
`` any boy in the whole town but that saint louis
the gentlemen being out , they had in fact nothing to do elsewhere .
how would she feel then !
`` and this , '' said she , `` is the end of all his friend 's anxious circumspection !
she had always seen it with pain .
`` i wo n't ! ''
well , you would be a nice old slouch of a hermit .
my father and mother knew nothing of that , they only felt how imprudent a match it must be .
when she reached the bedside she gasped out : `` you , tom !
and he listened to him with the keenest enjoyment .
the balmy summer air .
that i can not help earnestly begging you all to come here , as soon as possible .
`` you must know that though i should be exceedingly grieved at their disapprobation , i could not hesitate . ''
and the card tables placed .
but as he took up his abode with the lucases , his arrival was no great inconvenience to mrs. bennet .
a young man .
and giving orders in dismal whispers that if `` the foe '' stirred .
and delighted in his forbidden society , and wished they dared to be like him .
elizabeth made no objection.. the door was then allowed to be shut , and the carriage drove off .
there is no talk of his coming to netherfield again in the summer .
all that is known after this is , that they were seen to continue the london road .
he meant to resign his commission immediately .
but her 's she thought was still worse .
mr. thomas sawyer .
you numskull .
listlessly dangling his feet in the water and looking very melancholy .
`` you make me laugh , charlotte .
and mrs. harper sobbed as if her heart would break .
the discourse was resumed presently .
always poor from the extravagance of his wife , would have been unable to give him a gentleman 's education .
nor was it under many , many minutes , that she could comprehend what she heard .
we ? ''
dead people might talk .
however , they worried through , and each got his reward .
would have allowed him to act as he has done .
now , blasted by the lightnings , and they were not under it when the catastrophe happened .
then lifted his lip and made a gingerly snatch at it , just missing it .
but what is that to me ?
cried elizabeth .
`` no , tom , it would n't .
mrs. gardiner abused her stupidity .
miss bingley was very deeply mortified by darcy 's marriage .
at her lively , sportive , manner of talking to her brother .
and the girls had the pleasure of hearing .
tom got into this and held his candle as far under the rock as he could .
`` why , he was one of the greatest men that was ever in england .
their minds were more vacant than their sisters ' .
forgive the question .
he had liberality , and he had the means of exercising it .
this was the drift of remark .
being uncommitted as yet .
but they are exactly and precisely after the schoolgirl pattern .
then joe and huck had another swim .
`` well .
tom was therefore elevated to a place with the judge and the other elect .
the knife would not cut anything .
and so , is it quite certain he is coming ? ''
she was therefore obliged to seek another branch of the subject .
the boys went back to camp , a good deal awed .
elizabeth could not but look surprised .
that 's it .
`` i do not recollect that we did . ''
elizabeth had a fair opportunity of deciding whether she most feared or wished for the appearance of mr. darcy .
and though his pride was hurt , he suffered in no other way .
well , it 's just muff potter , muff potter , muff potter all the time .
i do not believe she often sees such at home . ''
that she should be able to shew her married daughter in the neighbourhood .
could be fairly conjectured from that .
`` i can easily believe it .
for the churches of the united states .
oh , you need n't smile .
and i 'll give it to you , because there ain't anything mean about me .
but , under such a misfortune as this , one can not see too little of one 's neighbours .
and bury it deep . ''
she undoubtedly would have refrained from the hint .
`` oh !
of his authority as a clergyman .
pride & prejudice .
`` and of this place , '' thought she , `` i might have been mistress !
`` well , he has , by jingoes !
she respected , she esteemed , she was grateful to him , she felt a real interest in his welfare .
cried lydia .
they were about to go down and begin work when .
and i have enquired of every body too , who is likely to know . ''
the sudden acquisition of ten thousand pounds was the most remarkable charm of the young lady .
and through the fog of battle tom appeared .
but darcy seemed to feel it most acutely , more i think than last year .
but yet for a while do i leave thee now !
his debts are to be paid .
she lost patience at last , and said , `` oh , do n't bother me !
tom 's astonishment was bound-less !
let me take it in the best light , in the light in which it may be understood . ''
it must be his own doing.. he is his own master .
she shared in their attendance on mrs. bennet .
but that from knowing him better , his disposition was better understood . ''
a lovely little blue-eyed creature with yellow hair plaited into two long-tails , white summer frock and embroidered pan-talettes .
but who was your mother ?
he undressed with excessive caution , and fell asleep congratulating himself that nobody knew of his escapade .
but i do n't want to find out it 's a lie .
`` is that your knife ? ''
to whom i related the whole , nor i , thought it necessary to make our knowledge public .
her nose wants character .
i wanted to tell you about the picnic . ''
blame it all !
and his civilities were worn out like his information .
it was not to be supposed that time would give lydia that embarrassment .
`` hate you !
what is that truck ? ''
whenever charlotte came to see them she concluded her to be anticipating the hour of possession .
she thrust it away again , but with less animosity .
i never heard the beat of that in all my days !
miss lizzy .
but for the mortifying supposition of his viewing it all as his own future property .
huck was melancholy , too .
or why .
she wished to discredit it entirely , repeatedly exclaiming , `` this must be false !
`` then i 'll stay with susy harper , mamma . ''
`` what could become of mr. bingley and jane ! ''
but he continued to apologise for about a quarter of an hour .
i told mrs. collins so before you came .
and is such a girl to be my nephew 's sister ?
a mystery here that could not well bear the light .
but they now felt that there was no other way of accounting for such attentions from such a quarter .
the minister , the editor , and a great many more , and all dressed in their best .
but i can not find out that jane saw any thing of him in london .
him as much in love with you as ever . ''
he once recited three thousand verses without stopping .
is nothing due to me on that score ?
he was interrupted by a summons to dinner .
that she and her noble admirer may be aware of what they are about .
`` oh ! .
whenever his other engagements might allow him to visit them .
were transferred for the rest of the day to miss lucas .
for you are a young lady of deep reflection i know .
`` all is lost ! ''
dead loads of 'em . ''
had not my own feelings decided against you .
he had not a temper to bear the sort of competition in which we stood .
but he believes that it was left to him conditionally only . ''
just as breakfast was completed there was a knock at the door .
who was the general favourite .
and what sort of clothing to wear .
his aunt was concerned .
resolving within herself , to draw no limits in future to the impudence of an impudent man .
'tain't robbery altogether .
`` and if upon mature deliberation .
my , he 's pretty stiff .
that he had sprained his ancle in the first dance ! ''
and does not endeavour to conceal it , he must find it out . ''
so much wickedness existed in the whole race of mankind .
so she sat down to cry again and upbraid herself .
`` all right , i will .
which .
in addition to his fear of discovery by lydia 's relations .
i will not tell you what it is .
lydia was bid by her two eldest sisters to hold her tongue .
when to these recollections was added the developement of wickham's character .
indeed , eliza , you will be as welcome to me as either of them . ''
`` why , is it hid all around ? ''
no answer .
he considered additions unfair , and scoundrelly .
huck stepped out and glided along behind the men .
what a fine thing for our girls ! ''
to name an early day for making him the happiest of men .
which was all that they had yet learnt to care for at a ball .
i am only distressed by some dreadful news which i have just received from longbourn . ''
`` aye-aye , sir ! ''
it was dated from rosings , at eight o'clock in the morning , and was as follows : .
his hat was a vast ruin with a wide crescent lopped out of its brim .
that it is the particular advice and recommendation of the very
amid very complaisant smiles and general encouragement .
he told jeff thatcher .
that wherever one wandered through the maze of passages .
in spite of her deeply-rooted dislike .
having dawdled about in the vestibule to watch for the end of the conference .
and before the horror was half an hour old .
it 's somebody snoring , tom . ''
well !
`` and what has been done , what has been attempted , to recover her ? ''
`` they have both .
do n't you see , now , what 's the matter with that ha'nted room ? ''
by jane 's letter last wednesday .
he assured her that as to dancing , he was perfectly indifferent to it .
for she only came , i suppose , to tell us the collinses were well .
she wanted mr. darcy to account for his having ever fallen in love with her .
proved her to be more truly well bred than either of the others .
`` that 's different .
and so , you like this man 's sisters too , do you ?
yet there had been that in his voice , which was not like ease .
presently he whispered : `` huck , muff potter do n't know it .
and instantly embracing her .
`` well , that 's so .
i ca n't find the way .
`` at four o'clock .
soon tom said that they were interfering with each other , and neither getting the fullest benefit of the tick .
elizabeth saw directly that her father had not the smallest intention of yielding .
in a short time , i shall have a daughter married .
of course .
and was very far from dreading a rebuke either from the archbishop .
i 've fought , but never with weepons .
mrs. bennet assured her that they never sat there after dinner .
it was also very inconvenient and exceedingly troublesome.. she hated having
sometimes on islands .
just at this point he met his soul 's sworn comrade , joe harper .
the country is a vast deal pleasanter , is not it , mr .
but .
he says so , his own self .
and her uncle and aunt , leaving her to enjoy them in quiet , set off by themselves .
`` he has made me so happy .
he was at the same time haughty .
then she called : `` tom !
wait a moment .
if twenty such should come since you will not visit them . ''
i 've heard 'em say that if he was to get free they 'd lynch him . ''
her father captivated by youth and beauty .
though she talked to bingley of nothing else , for half an hour .
they should have been beyond the reach of his discrimination .
but still he would be her husband.. without thinking highly either of men or of matrimony .
an engagement was formed .
`` in spirit .
and ate , and praised with delighted alacrity .
but as it is .
and when i swore i 'd get even with you if it took a hundred years .
would she cry .
and lying down , since there was nobody there with authority to make them kneel and recite aloud .
and was so urgent on the necessity of placing gowns in the only right way .
and not count the tedious time as loss , either .
and all was soon right again .
panting for breath .
your retrospections must be so totally void of reproach .
but shortly recovering himself .
`` what ! .
`` does that young lady know mr .
and the very great attentions and excellent acquaintance meryton had procured them .
added .
who 'd ' a ' thought such a thing ?
that somebody was coming .
and we shall very soon settle it with her , i am sure . ''
with his head tilted far back .
three daughters married !
`` hucky , do you das't to go if i lead ? ''
in the next room is a new instrument just come down for her .
between the aunt and niece .
but it would not do .
and poor mr. darcy !
not a word .
indeed .
still pleasing , to my uncle and aunt , when he was in town .
that wickham still cherished the hope of more effectually making his fortune by marriage , in some other country .
when .
their grandmothers ' ancient trinkets , their bits of pink and blue ribbon and the flowers in their hair .
mr. bingley had soon made himself acquainted with all the principal people in the room .
gloated over .
those to her mother .
she is the sort of woman whom one can not regard with too much deference . ''
pressing her to try some other dish , and fearing she were indisposed .
the little steam ferry-boat was about a mile below the village , drifting with the current .
no bottom .
those fellows war n't likely to come again .
`` you know of course that lady catherine de bourgh and lady anne darcy were sisters .
why not give it up and turn in ?
in which case you may be sure of my pardon . ''
except in a low voice .
`` yes .
`` a body ca n't be too partic'lar how they talk 'bout these-yer dead people , tom . ''
for they had the advantage of ascertaining from an upper window .
it was not inhabited .
which was large and well laid out , and to the cultivation of which he attended himself .
my dear .
and whatever he did , done gracefully .
anxiety on jane 's behalf .
which was .
one is , how much money your uncle has laid down , to bring it about .
that lydia had any partiality for him .
by you , i was properly humbled .
no wonder if they love her better .
gradually approaching each other .
it is nothing in comparison of what i should feel in thinking ill of him or his sisters .
what are you telling miss bennet ?
but mostly under the floor in ha'nted houses . ''
and said , `` you can not have a right to such very strong local attachment .
he hid the lantern in huck 's sugar hogshead and the watch began .
tired of a conversation in which she had no share.. `` louisa , you will not mind my waking mr .
too eager in making bets and exclaiming after prizes , to have attention for any one in particular .
but i knew i 'd got to have a thing like this .
robinson . ''
wise enough to assume even the appearance of what is right .
it was owing to him .
`` there has been many a one , i fancy , overcome in the same way .
well , any friend of mr. bingley 's will always be welcome here to be sure .
an hour before midnight the tavern closed up and its lights ( the only ones thereabouts ) were put out .
and his engagement to bingley of coming again to netherfield must give way .
cried wickham with a look which did not escape her .
the children tried to pay attention .
`` wait .
he has always something to say to every body.. that is my idea of good breeding .
but your family owe me nothing .
if he had not been well assured of his cousin 's corroboration .
by her ease and liveliness .
but it's in my head yet .
i sincerely hope your christmas in hertfordshire may abound in the gaieties which that season generally brings .
when they were all returned to the breakfast room , `` and what do you think of my husband ?
to his reserve .
i remember , mighty well . ''
as the day of his arrival drew near .
i do assure you that i am not one of those young ladies ( if such young ladies there are
git up on one another 's backs and let me touch 'em .
a little green worm came crawling over a dewy leaf .
if from no better motive , that he should not have been too proud to be dishonest , .
i felt no doubt of their happiness together . ''
`` in essentials , i believe , he is very much what he ever was . ''
i want to go home . ''
re-considering events .
his understanding and opinions all please me .
and if i had my will , we should .
sir william only smiled .
what 're you about there !
with gloating eyes they watched every movement .
tom resumed his whitewashing .
as it seemed the only probable motive for her calling .
not like the wild young men now-a-days , who think of nothing but themselves .
he sat as still as a stone .
and thither also went mr. wickham , undoubtedly by design .
you will not think of quitting it in a hurry i hope .
`` oh , huck , you know i ca n't do that .
and wherever she went she was sure of hearing it talked of .
i felt a little uneasy .
`` it 's nuts ! ''
they might hear us , you know , '' and he shouted again .
`` dead cat . ''
every day he took a mysterious book out of his desk and
they were then .
standing well on rising ground .
i hope you 're good and hungry .
when convinced on that article , miss bennet had nothing farther to wish .
a short pause followed this speech , and mrs. hurst began again .
there was no other process that ever they had heard of .
`` because honour , decorum , prudence , nay , interest , forbid it .
and had fringed ends .
though .
and once or twice pleased herself with the notion that as he looked at her .
here was a gorgeous triumph .
`` all right , huck , it 's a whiz !
and could say much on the subject , but that i am cautious of appearing forward and precipitate .
but they were all strange .
`` with the officers ! ''
began enquiring after his acquaintance in that neighbourhood .
`` yes .
you must not let your fancy run away with you .
maybe his heart had burst under terror and excitement .
my mother was taken ill immediately , and the whole house in such confusion ! ''
so i will dictate , and you write for me .
this unfortunate affair will .
and the winding of the valley , as far as she could trace it , with delight .
do you not consider that a connection with you , must disgrace him in the eyes of everybody ? ''
but charlotte .
`` what makes the candle blow so ? ''
`` if it were merely a fine house richly furnished .
`` what did you kiss me for , tom ? ''
her carriage remained at the door , and elizabeth saw that her waiting-woman was in it .
and chased each other round and round .
`` nay , if you are so serious about it , i shall consider the matter as absolutely settled .
we shall not offer that plea . ''
bingley urged mr. jones 's being sent for immediately .
i expected to find a more reasonable young woman .
there is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others .
who has been the means of ruining , perhaps for ever , the happiness of a most beloved sister ? ''
`` well , for the land 's sake !
i take your place now , and you must go lower , because i am a married woman . ''
and elizabeth remained with no very cordial feelings towards him .
and then opened the place with the incantation he had just used .
and then convalescent .
presently she arrived .
`` i do n't know .
would my refusing to accept his hand , make him wish to bestow it on his cousin ?
quick ! ''
but there was no result .
cried elizabeth , as soon as they were by themselves .
indeed .
however .
and elizabeth returned instantly to jane .
it 'll begin to be daylight in a couple of hours .
but what did give you that turn ?
i hope we may often meet again . ''
i 've got to settle with him . ''
and something so depressing about the loneliness and desolation of the place .
mr. collins and charlotte appeared at the door .
it even manifestly increased .
and she flung out of the house with a new explosion of crying .
when one writes a novel about grown people , he knows exactly where to stop .
gave way to a momentary confusion here on receiving so direct a reproach .
it seems but a fortnight i declare .
but , with many expressions of concern , he confessed himself engaged elsewhere .
that kind of talk wo n't wash. '' potter trembled and grew white .
however .
mr. darcy , you can not deny the fact . ''
huck was sitting on the gunwale of a flatboat .
what 's a licking !
and prepare for such a visitor .
he was growing quite inattentive to other people , and wholly engrossed by her .
huck was irritated to think he had been such a goose and betrayed such a suspicious excitement .
without noticing what i was doing , i took hold of the knob , and open comes the door !
by her ladyship 's desire .
a gray squirrel and a big fellow of the `` fox '' kind came skurrying along .
`` i am not likely to leave kent for some time .
mr. collins .
rows of small boys , washed and dressed to an intolerable state of discomfort .
as they entered the drawing-room .
such were the kind of lamentations resounding perpetually through longbourn-house .
and it will then be but poor consolation to believe the world equally in the dark .
explained to her that .
the lights disturbed the creatures and they came flocking down by hundreds , squeaking and darting furiously at the candles .
he sprang to his feet and shouted .
that being .
who knew that her mother owed to the latter the preservation of her favourite daughter from irremediable infamy .
does she live near you , sir ? ''
and considering mr. collins's character .
let me hear from you very soon .
my connections with the family of de bourgh .
further than to say that he already knew too much about one of those men and
done with the engines , sir !
a composure of temper and a uniform cheerfulness of manner .
if such goodness does not make her miserable now , she will never deserve to be happy !
perceiving in elizabeth no inclination of replying .
`` my dear father , i congratulate you . ''
some day .
their speed was slow , however , because pitfalls were somewhat common , and had to be guarded against .
whether he may be equally capable of retaining them , is less certain . ''
it was noticed that this strange thing had been occurring every day latterly .
but had even pointedly included him in her invitation for the next evening , although utterly unknown to her before .
the welshman stepped out and said : `` hallo , who 's that ? ''
i speak feelingly .
tom whispered : `` now i 'll show you something , huck . ''
`` please do n't .
so he said nothing .
she longed to hear more .
did you admire me for my impertinence ? ''
mrs. bennet half opened the door and called out .
four or five thousand a year .
it was reasonable , however , to hope , that they would not continue long .
but whether she were violently set against the match .
real or imaginary .
and , before she could reply , he added , `` it is above eight months .
that 's good .
and i did think the cretur would tear the house down .
the welshman had to tell the story of the night to the visitors .
i want to go home .
who .
after which he put the fatal knife in potter's open right hand , and sat down on the dismantled coffin .
i am very sensible of the honour of your proposals .
injun joe infested all his dreams , and always with doom in his eye .
for though i am the youngest , i 'm the tallest . ''
one or two were experiences of my own , the rest those of boys who were schoolmates of mine .
he presently got safely beyond the reach of capture and punishment .
they were more disturbed , more unequal , than she had often seen them .
the certainty of meeting him had not been checked by any
nor was her manner of receiving them , such as to make her visitors forget their inferior rank .
he joined them on their entering the town and attended them to their aunt 's .
`` and then .
thomas .
another day i will do the same .
always wanting me to play and sing before any body and every body ! .
why , what 's the matter with you ? ''
were he once to enter it .
and besides .
aunt polly was tender far beyond her wont , in her goodnight to sid and mary .
i am most seriously displeased . ''
elizabeth had now but little time for conversation with her sister .
and make him the contempt of the world . ''
'' said miss lucas .
and though the man and the match were quite good enough for her .
a caution against the very jane he had fixed on.. `` as
that the youngest should tax mr. bingley with having promised on his
i got to wear them blamed clothes that just smothers me , tom .
has eloped.. has thrown herself into the power of .
my sister , i am sure , will not hear of her removal . ''
a senseless reply offered .
elizabeth preserved as steady a silence as either mrs. hurst or miss bingley .
my dear miss eliza , ( glancing at her sister and bingley , ) shall take place .
a little lower .
than she likewise began on the subject .
on the very last day of the regiment 's remaining in meryton .
not equal to lydia 's for him .
cocked his head to one side and eyed the strangers with a consuming curiosity .
`` if any young men come for mary or kitty .
when you got to talking about the funeral .
most earnestly did she labour to prove the probability of error .
let me now add a short hint on the subject of another
pillars which had been formed by the joining of great stalactites and stalagmites together .
and it was business that frequently had to be done over
`` oh !
the widow made a pretty fair show of astonishment .
that abominable mr. darcy ! .
and the boys fixed their eyes on the goal of their hopes and bent to their work to win it .
he uncovered an ambuscade , in the person of his aunt .
and their conversation .
elizabeth had hoped that his resentment might shorten his visit .
i have not been used to submit to any person 's whims .
`` no really , '' replied elizabeth .
`` were you anywhere near horse williams ' grave ? ''
he is always in such a rush that he never thinks of anything . ''
they were all pressed to go into the house and take some refreshment .
it jumps from admiration to love , from love to matrimony in a moment .
he dined with others of the officers at longbourn .
`` yes , she will remain there till christmas . ''
for she wanted to trap him into damaging revealments .
`` i do n't know .
`` now where 's your number two ?
lizzy , that you should be forced to have that disagreeable man all to yourself .
in every thing else she is as good natured a girl as ever lived .
and it was now heightened into somewhat of a friendlier nature .
were it possible that he could ever be in a situation to receive it .
allowing for the loss of sir william .
he saw wickham , and afterwards insisted on seeing lydia .
exclaimed both boys , in a breath .
when he wore one , hung nearly to his heels and had the rearward buttons far down the back .
ca n't recollect anything of it , hardly .
astonished and confused .
while her courage was high , she immediately said , `` mr. darcy , i am a very selfish creature .
anxious and uneasy .
protesting that she would not regard it , that she would never look in it again .
interested people have perhaps misrepresented each to the other .
and there will be an end of the matter . ''
he declared himself to have been totally unsuspicious of her sister 's attachment.. and she could not help remembering what charlotte
but without any success , no such people had been seen to pass through .
and that we have done every thing in our power to prevent your spending your time unpleasantly . ''
nor , when we attempt to describe any particular scene , will we begin quarrelling about its relative situation .
and thus she would see him when she looked out upon the glad morning , and oh !
what could your ladyship propose by it ? ''
builded by the water-drip from a stalactite overhead .
`` do n't you crowd me now .
miss bingley i am sure can not .
but .
and imagining how he would trounce her if she were .
that this studied avoidance spoke rather a momentary embarrassment .
he took the hint .
`` beyond a doubt , they do wish him to chuse miss darcy , '' replied jane .
but when questioned by him denny denied knowing any thing of their plan .
had given him an invitation to dinner , which he thought himself obliged to accept .
becuz you know that they do n't anybody but ghosts use 'em . ''
and when you have nothing else to do , i hope you will think of us .
`` yes , always .
`` is it not clear enough ? .
as she often thought .
company would be a palpable improvement , he thought .
right here on the street , you know .
sometimes i take 'em off with a bean . ''
as he was passing by the house where jeff thatcher lived , he saw a new girl in the garden .
wickham will soon be gone .
let 's not fool around here .
the simple fact that he could , took the desire away , and the charm of it .
he hung his hat on a peg and flung himself into his seat with business-like alacrity .
she wrote also with great pleasure of her brother 's being an inmate of mr. darcy 's house .
if it hadn't ben for me he 'd be down in texas now , all right . ''
abroad on the wild sea .
whatever of that kind may befal you .
but her brother is even yet ignorant of it.. that they might have met without ill consequence .
had miss lydia bennet come upon the town .
he felt sure he never could draw a safe breath again
they battled it together for a long time .
halted a moment , undecided , and then turned toward the stairway .
miss bennet ? ''
and her mother , with manners so far from right herself , was entirely insensible of the evil .
yet the misery .
well , there ai n't ever any making of that boy out .
`` my aunt says that colonel forster and captain carter do not go
all at once and unconsciously , without undergoing the uncomfortable routine devised by nature .
you did n't have to undo your shirt collar where i sewed it .
cried elizabeth when she had finished it .
or his dependence on her judgment .
nay .
maybe he was dead .
'' she sometimes thought .
darcy had walked away to another part of the room .
it gives such an elegance to misfortune !
't is as good as a lord !
stationed himself so as to command a full view of the fair performer's countenance .
) he started back .
tom considered awhile .
and began to `` show off '' in all sorts of absurd boyish ways .
and moreover for coming into hertfordshire with the design of selecting a wife , as i certainly did . ''
you give my window-sash and my cat with one eye to that new girl that 's come to town .
but she is very young .
though not to an equal degree .
though determined not to slacken as a correspondent .
and with many speeches of thankfulness on mr. collins 's side .
bingley , '' said his friend.. `` you dislike an argument , and want to silence this . ''
and mrs. bennet .
nobody loved him .
for your sake , '' turning to charlotte , `` i am glad of it .
go on ! ''
whom he had been used to think tolerably sensible .
so , he enquired who she was , and got introduced , and asked her for the two next .
but her letters were always long expected , and always very short .
then they were astonished to find that they had been taking
`` by and by .
she moved like one of those bright beings pictured in the
and the unsettled state of her own feelings had made her equally avoid the name of his friend .
his behaviour was attentive and kind to the utmost .
and now do , when you get to town , find them out , wherever they may be .
but now a difficulty arose .
everything was auspicious .
in our remarks at the opening of this trial .
mr. wickham 's attention was caught .
and then shaded his eyes with his hand and began to look down street
repeated darcy contemptuously .
he laid himself down and put his mouth close to this depression and called .
well .
and whose behaviour at least could not be mistaken for the affectation and coquetry of an elegant female .
darcy made no answer , and seemed desirous of changing the subject .
i am sure , '' said mrs. bennet , `` and i dare say she is a very agreeable woman .
`` i believe she did .
'' said he , `` as i had scarcely ever allowed myself to hope before .
and how formal and cold was their manner , whenever they did .
my dear lizzy , they must have passed within ten miles of us .
and they were on the point of seeking him up stairs with their mother .
the children .
i imagine .
this was simply as astounding .
contained little else .
but in reality that result was caused rather more by his worshipful awe of
oxford , blenheim , warwick , kenelworth , birmingham , & c. are sufficiently known .
'' replied elizabeth .
his revenge would have been complete indeed .
if that had been nearer , she would not have gone so soon . ''
and i have devoted hours and hours to her amusement .
`` dares to hold such language , '' said tom , prompting .
harper and make such a fool of myself and never say a word . ''
in the less ostentatious house , no .
who sat some way below her , and on the other , retailing them all to the younger miss lucases .
then he betook himself to his seat .
tom was touched , for he knew by his own experience how this wretch had suffered .
it is presumed .
she replied in the affirmative .
an airing would do me a great deal of good , i am sure .
we will not expose ourselves , if you please , by attempting to laugh without a subject .
or .
when something fresh in this line came out she was in a fever , right away , to try it .
and what we are to talk of next i can not imagine . ''
so the boys shouldered their tools and went away feeling that they had not trifled with fortune .
to all the comfort and elegance of their family party at pemberley .
but there were two or three much uglier in the shop .
mr. bingley and jane remained at netherfield only a twelvemonth .
pray forgive me .
my father 's opinion of me does me the greatest honour .
shucks !
as to make it impossible for any young woman of character , to love or confide in him .
and for all the commendation which they civilly bestowed on each other .
that would not give one an unfavourable idea of his heart .
you 're to leave him alone as long as i can keep him from crossing over . ''
and he tugged at her apron and the hands .
tom said : `` do n't ask for it unless you want it , peter . ''
in a few minutes he approached the table where she was sitting with kitty .
now the boy began to draw something on the slate , hiding his work with his left hand .
the storm culminated in one matchless effort that seemed likely to tear the island to pieces .
and forced his younger sister to be civil also , and say what the occasion required .
and by-and-by the rovers straggled back to camp fortified with responsible appetites .
whether they were handsome .
the advice was followed readily , for the feverish symptoms increased , and her head ached acutely .
`` deed i do n't know , aunt polly .
`` never , sir . ''
however , he wrote some verses on her , and very pretty they were . ''
he is a pleasant fellow , and would jilt you creditably . ''
but now several minutes elapsed , without bringing the sound of his voice .
and perhaps you would not express it quite so strongly anywhere else.. here you are in your own family . ''
and after listening a moment .
however .
do you not know that such a report is spread abroad ? ''
`` who do you mean , my dear ?
and a stronger desire of generally pleasing than any other man . ''
may be reasonably looked up to , as one of the most illustrious personages in this land . ''
cried jane .
but we will hope at some future period .
i know very well that nothing can be done .
at his own house especially , and of a sunday evening when he has nothing to do . ''
and was so much engaged in watching the occasional appearance of some trout in the water .
iii .
just enough to make one good sort of man .
but it 'll be our. ``
by supposing that she did not like to go home again so soon .
or persuade her to describe her felicity in a less audible whisper .
after playing some italian songs , miss bingley varied the charm by a lively scotch air .
people in the branches of the trees over tom 's head said he wasn't trying to get away .
namely , that the quantity of coin he had seen was too vast to be real .
he seemed to take a vindictive pleasure in punishing the least shortcomings .
colonel fitzwilliam 's manners were very much admired at the parsonage .
within ten feet of them .
it has often led him to be liberal and generous , .
and gave her a great deal of advice , as to the management of them all .
i had any apprehension of his feeling a serious attachment.. i had often seen him in love before.. at that ball .
that one false step involves her in endless ruin .
cried miss bingley .
yawned .
it adds even another motive .
`` yes , bean 's good .
`` how abominable ! .
as the night deepened , huck began to nod , and presently to snore .
and she began to imagine that their silence was to last through the two dances .
heard in what manner he spoke of the man , who had behaved with such forbearance and liberality towards him .
her thoughts were instantly driven back to the time when mr. bingley 's name had been last mentioned between them .
`` it 's about five mile into there the way anybody but me would go .
if tom only had the wasted opportunity back again !
charlotte said , `` i shall depend on hearing from you very often , eliza . ''
while they are sharers of our intimacy at rosings . ''
and conjectures .
he said .
easter was approaching .
and half glad that tom had stumbled into obedient conduct for once .
and the boys were relieved from their apprehension of charlotte's dying an old maid .
and answered carelessly : `` well , maybe it is , and maybe it ai n't .
if you wilfully act against the inclinations of all .
to them .
it was .
he could not meet amy lawrence 's eye , he could not brook her loving gaze .
and not by boys , but men .
`` it was to tell you not to be uneasy about us , because we had n't got drownded . ''
after a long wait the jury filed in and took their places .
and she wondered at seeing him place himself in her power again in this intrepid way .
for who , as lady catherine herself condescendingly says , will connect themselves with such a family .
did you ever hear darcy mention the circumstance , when you were in kent ? ''
huck was given a seat and the old man and his brace of tall sons speedily dressed themselves .
i just forgive you everything for that ! ''
and she fancied that praise of pemberley from her , might be mischievously construed .
`` how was it possible that such an idea should enter our brains !
and yet what is there so very laudable in a precipitance which must leave very necessary business undone .
i am convinced that my chance of happiness with him is as fair .
when mr. collins could be forgotten .
also `` the assyrian came down , '' and other declamatory gems .
you do n't want to see . ''
if the regard springing from such sources is unreasonable or unnatural .
said that she had liked him better when they met in kent than before .
`` she is my youngest girl but one .
`` what was it ? ''
but at length .
waylay people .
his relationship to the young ladies who introduced him to her notice .
but her mind was so busily engaged , that she did not always know when she was silent .
the prize was delivered to tom with as much effusion as the superintendent could pump up under the circumstances .
a human figure , stark naked .
`` when i am in the country , '' he replied , `` i never wish to leave it .
it was a spot less adorned than any they had yet visited .
and with a most important aspect he protested that he had never
and that she had often heard him speak so affectionately of
and so deservedly dear as he is to his sister .
`` no i wo n't .
their wavering impulse to break their oath and save the poor betrayed prisoner 's life faded and vanished away .
were of course repeated by the others , and they soon found that jane had no intelligence to give .
when i last saw her , she was not very promising .
stepped in at the door and caught a glimpse of the picture .
`` mr. darcy is not so well worth listening to as his friend , is he ? .
i suppose , without bribery and corruption , for she really did know where her friend was to be found .
honour , and interest , for him to be guilty of it .
the idea of the olive branch perhaps is not wholly new , yet i think it is well expressed . ''
with quickened pulses .
would you just hold hands and swear that we. ``
you are so strange !
the evening was spent chiefly in talking over hertfordshire news , and telling again what had been already written .
`` well why do n't you do it then ?
you mean jane , i suppose .
heaven forbid !
the barrow was got ready and the corpse placed on it .
and so she asked the two harringtons to come .
and every dish was commended .
moreover , he wanted to assure himself that huck had remained discreet .
peter sprang a couple of yards in the air .
do n't you remember , huck , 'bout me saying that ? ''
so much ease , with such perfect good breeding ! ''
and on this account .
and she watched her progress through the several stanzas with an impatience which was very ill rewarded at their close .
elizabeth soon perceived that though this great lady was not in the commission of the peace for the county .
as you probably might , the very cold manner of our meeting yesterday.. are you much acquainted with mr .
and lastly .
in ran mrs. bennet to her daughter 's room .
but since he had been in the militia .
the ladies drove on , and the others returned into the house .
elizabeth made no answer , and walked on , her heart swelling with indignation .
saying .
i write without any intention of paining you .
darcy , as well as elizabeth , really loved them .
and his eyes swam in a blur of water .
`` i am thinking of what you have been telling me , '' said she .
even if they was dead . ''
sensible woman indeed , '' added charlotte , `` and a most attentive neighbour . ''
i am sure he will be vastly happy to oblige you .
it was impossible not to long to know .
tom said : `` oh , it ai n't anything . ''
to make her betray a sensibility which might injure her in darcy 's opinion .
`` her daughter .
not to give any directions about her clothes .
more especially as the time was now come .
from it by a narrow channel hardly two hundred yards wide .
at his coming to netherfield .
i just had to .
he readily agreed to it .
and hastened toward the public square of the village .
and as she gave way to all the genuine frankness of her character .
he had just been so fortunate as to make a most important discovery .
i should think she had as good a chance of happiness .
i tell you you better .
`` i ai n't afraid . ''
the locust-trees were in bloom and the fragrance of the blossoms filled the air .
`` i can not fix on the hour .
for though he was not always looking at her mother .
me some way or other and told me even if you was mum to everybody else .
whoever hove those things in here caught a sight of us and took us for ghosts or devils or something .
and the other , that i had .
he can not know what mr. darcy is . ''
then .
`` you mistake me , my dear .
`` oh !
and she would have wondered why .
in the desperation of her feelings she resolved on one effort more .
what a stroke was this for poor jane !
and when you get to the corner .
secured among your children after the decease of yourself and my sister .
the second began .
ghosts lurked in the murky nooks .
he reflected further .
into the closet and selected a choice apple and delivered it to him .
and i never spoke to you without rather wishing to give you pain than not .
shire have left meryton , and they are going in a fortnight . ''
except that the loss of her favourite sister .
wishing her every enjoyment .
i dare say the lace upon mrs. hurst 's gown .
and whom she regarded herself with an interest .
for it was plain that he was that moment arrived , that moment alighted from his horse or his carriage .
we 're lost !
they were forced to conclude .
it 's a kind of a tight place for becky thatcher .
my three negro men stood guard at your house all the rest of the night .
and of her mother lady catherine .
i am very , very sorry .
for i have no right to suppose that bingley was the person meant .
to-morrow . ''
then becky broke the silence : `` tom , i am so hungry ! ''
the next day opened a new scene at longbourn .
part from her authoritative manner .
the want of principle which he was careful to guard from the knowledge of his best friend .
how he would suddenly appear at the old village and stalk into church .
no.. i am sure we never read the same , or not with the same feelings . ''
so the boy eagerly drew his sore toe from under the sheet and held it up for inspection .
i told you so from the first , you may remember . ''
and that no other memorial of her could ever be so precious .
the old lady made one end of the silk thread fast to tom
`` ca n't ! ''
my dear miss elizabeth .
`` i 'd never ' a ' thought of the towel , i bet ! ''
in the midst of the prayer a fly had lit on the back of the
and that there was not the slightest question as to what the jury 's verdict would be .
yes , that 's it .
the basin was refilled , and this time he stood over it a little while , gathering resolution .
'' she continued , `` for jane would have got mr. bingley , if she could .
in this danger kitty is also comprehended .
the fringed legs dragged in the dirt when not rolled up .
hermits always do .
it is something to think of , and gives her a sort of distinction among her companions .
it was not all settled before monday : as soon as it was .
`` and did colonel forster appear to think ill of wickham himself ?
they searched everywhere once more , and then sat down discouraged .
my feelings will not be repressed .
well armed .
miss elizabeth .
but the ladies not having shoes to encounter the remains of a white frost , turned back .
but let 's swear again , anyway .
but he found .
however .
and play at cards .
i never heard of such a thing .
though elizabeth .
i do n't believe it ! ''
`` i knew .
tom went to bed that night planning vengeance against alfred temple .
miss lucas perceived him from an upper window as he walked towards the house .
these two girls had been above an hour in the place .
and , after receiving her answer , asked in an hesitating manner how long mr. darcy had been staying there .
'tai n't likely .
they had a smoke and a chat in the shade .
and she looked forward with delight to the time when they
`` well , you 'll wait a blame long time , that 's all . ''
how could his will be disregarded ? .
mr. darcy would never have come so soon to wait upon me . ''
that she drew his notice because there was a something about her more wrong and reprehensible .
countenance , air .
mrs. bennet was really in a most pitiable state .
`` please do n't ever tell i told you , '' were huck 's first words when he got in .
before he had any idea of their not being gone to scotland : when that apprehension first got abroad .
where he had made a tolerable fortune and risen to the honour of knighthood by an address to the king .
but where other powers of entertainment are wanting , the true philosopher will derive benefit from such as are given .
i know the lord will forgive him , because it was such good-heartedness in him to tell it .
we have certainly done our best .
`` that 's the very trouble .
`` what do you mean ? ''
ting-a-ling-ling !
and elizabeth 's astonishment was quite equal to what it had been at first .
and his answering immediately to the last question .
lady catherine was extremely indignant on the marriage of her nephew .
his manner became less guarded and his words more distinct as he proceeded : `` no .
how is half such a sum to be repaid ? ''
`` my father and maria are to come to me in march .
presently it occurred to tom that maybe huck might come this very night and give the signal .
on his quitting the room .
they have at least that advantage . ''
`` i must confess that he did not speak so well of wickham as he formerly did .
she had got rid of two of the secrets which had weighed on her for a fortnight .
`` well , i can do it . ''
cats always act so when they 're having a good time . ''
it was a hard struggle with him to make new advances .
his name had never been voluntarily mentioned before them by her niece .
`` five years ago you drove me away from your father 's kitchen one night .
joined now and then in her brother 's conversation with miss bennet .
and so the delivery of one of these prizes was a rare and noteworthy circumstance .
at dusk on saturday , landing five or six miles below the village .
came by .
that you actually declared your resolution of never taking orders , and that the business had been compromised accordingly . ''
good girl !
i do comprehend a great deal in it . ''
i know my own strength , and i shall never be embarrassed again by his coming .
they could scarcely bail out the cellars under their tongues fast enough to prevent an inundation .
no spaniard had been seen .
`` you have a very small park here , '' returned lady catherine after a short silence .
tom listened a moment , but no sound disturbed the quiet .
( for many years an only child ) i was spoilt by my parents .
a more gentle sensation towards the original , than she had ever felt in the height of their acquaintance .
he was threatening the doctor , with his fist in his face , by this time .
allow me to say .
and as .
and at the request of the gentlemen remained at the instrument till
she became , by proper attention and management , less irritable , less ignorant , and less insipid .
as almost certain and immediate , which she had looked forward to as possible , at some future time .
charlotte took her sister and friend over the house .
the injun blood ai n't in me for nothing .
for plainly this miscreant had sold himself to satan and it would be
mrs. gardiner and elizabeth talked of all that had occurred .
his accompanying them was a double advantage .
this spaniard is not deaf and dumb .
as i ought to have done , for your long , kind , satisfactory , detail of particulars .
but i thought i might as well buy it as not .
we have not met since the 26th of november , when we were all dancing together at netherfield . ''
if you do not like it .
there , now , that 's as fair as a man can say . ''
miss lucas is married and settled .
i did n't see the box , i did n't see the cross .
who called his attention to the precious blessing of his late measles as a warning .
`` well .
she said to the girls .
`` what does he put sackcloth and ashes on his head for ? ''
as jane had written the direction remarkably ill. they had just been preparing to walk as the letters came in .
but does not jane correspond with the sister ?
i will have no reserves from you . ''
for .
she staid with them only long enough to hear their favourable opinion of bingley .
there was no passing it at any rate .
and for the first evening she was his settled choice .
beyond the village and above it .
i 'm going to dig in the clay . ''
as they passed through the hall .
from what he said of miss darcy .
always full of his devilment .
when she saw him thus seeking the acquaintance .
she had only to say in reply .
and then they were grateful to note that at last the sun was setting .
no thanks , as the widow says '' .
when they were several miles below `` cave hollow .
`` oh , that 's the trick !
`` my dear aunt , this is being serious indeed . ''
there had been a `` revival .
his hand is here . ''
and that if she suspects the nature of my feelings for him , she means ( most kindly ! )
and returned to it again before they quitted the gallery .
mrs. collins will be very glad of your company , i am sure . ''
the soup was fifty times better than what we had at the lucas 's last week .
hurled it to the roof of the schoolhouse .
two inferences , however , were plainly deduced from the whole .
they are my old friends .
`` would you like to ? ''
and the little we see of the world , must make hunsford extremely dull to a young lady like yourself .
concerning whose return from london lydia came to inquire , and he bowed as they passed .
she was sorry that mr. darcy should have delivered his sentiments in a manner so little suited to recommend them .
while he could find no better relief to his feelings than by giving his housekeeper
these novices had never smoked anything before but cigars made of grapevine .
`` that this poor man can not come to a house .
who though good themselves .
the whole party have left netherfield by this time , and are on their way to town .
perhaps .
little , hot pressed paper , well covered with a lady's fair , flowing hand .
if you decline the office , i will take it on myself . ''
the thatchers were there .
and occasionally from some peevish allusion of her mother .
and was absorbed in his book when the boy turned around .
he had been months winning her .
could not have appeared with propriety in a different manner.. i am excessively attentive to all those things .
it did not seem very likely , even to charlotte 's wishes , to be the case .
his thought was , to fly .
and you try and see if you ca n't be a good boy .
`` and if not able to please himself in the arrangement .
`` would you , tom ? ''
injun joe put his hand on his knife .
and a smile of delight added lustre to her eyes .
`` your list of the common extent of accomplishments , '' said darcy , `` has too much truth .
tom .
before she was half way home , however , she had changed her mind .
dead , with his curls all wet , and his sore heart at rest .
`` it was just so with my joe .
to persuade him against returning into hertfordshire .
and judge thatcher did the same with tom 's at aunt polly 's request .
in my opinion .
but you 'll come out of it .
had his own happiness .
darcy . ''
elizabeth listened as little as she could , but there was no escaping the frequent mention of wickham 's name .
`` lady catherine has been of infinite use .
but nothing happened during three days , and so he abandoned it .
the day of his and lydia 's departure soon came .
who was most anxious to get rid of him , and have his library to himself .
maybe about vacation . ''
however , to have the recital of them interrupted by the entrance of the lady from whom they sprung .
that there was not a single vacancy near her , which would admit of a chair .
that the serenity of your sister 's countenance and air was such .
they could have been understood only by her mother , who might have felt nearly the same .
yourself .
some people think they 're mighty smart .
to defend the conduct of each .
and you ai n't to ever marry anybody but me , either . ''
from that very wish which elizabeth had long ago attributed to him , of their becoming hereafter her own .
on hearing this .
`` how eloquent ! ''
he was the lord 's , and nothing that was the lord 's was a thing to be neglected .
nor in the preceding remark , but there was a look and a manner which gave them meaning .
but depend upon it i will carry my point . ''
were many charming views of the valley .
if gratitude and esteem are good foundations of affection , elizabeth's change of sentiment will be neither improbable nor faulty .
if one could but go to brighton !
i expected you to stay two months .
what 'll we do with this .
at last the stranger got out a smothered `` 'nuff ! ''
and he and becky started , tom in the lead , unwinding the line as he groped along .
`` bother !
and his behaviour , so strikingly altered , .
being run away with by his feelings .
became almost hopeless .
`` i would by no means suspend any pleasure of yours , '' he coldly replied .
in defiance of various claims .
that , considering what her behaviour was , my confidence was as natural as your suspicion .
mr. sprague turned himself into a bulletin-board .
`` i do not pretend to regret any thing i shall leave in hertfordshire .
they wound this way and that .
took a little fragment of `` red keel '' out of his pocket .
they tramped gayly along .
and your wit and vivacity i think must be acceptable to her .
considering all things .
will you meow ? ''
`` were it certain that lady catherine would think so , '' said mr. collins very gravely .
and a whole campful of soldiers .
`` that is not an unnatural surmise .
then they crept to the door and took a trembling peep .
but said he could not see to the end of the rift .
an expectant dumbness .
it was the treasure-box .
her enquiries after her sister were not very favourably answered .
and then dug a little in their last hole .
by dwelling on wishes , which , for the happiness of both , can not be too soon forgotten .
`` i really should not have thought that he could have behaved in so cruel a way by any body .
`` you allude perhaps to the entail of this estate . ''
a little time therefore.. i shall certainly try to get the better . ''
`` and then .
he would live for glory .
but his resolution shook for one little instant , and the chance was lost .
`` we shall often meet , i hope , in hertfordshire . ''
drawn by an almost irresistible impulse to go in , but forcing himself to stay out .
he was a forsaken , friendless boy , he said .
`` were you hidden , or not ? ''
but one suspender supported his trousers .
i 'd spend it and have a good time . ''
if our comfort springs from a breach of promise , for i ought not to have mentioned the subject ?
mrs. bennet could not give her consent .
everything was swimming before tom .
`` and you shut him up sharp . ''
will you , tom ?
blow it away , and deafen every creature in it , all at one and the same moment .
for the native rock formed a sill outside it .
and jeff told johnny baker .
`` i do , indeed , '' replied elizabeth , colouring .
i have nothing either to hope or fear , and nothing to reproach him with .
though but a moment before she had believed her wishes to predominate , she began to regret that he came .
but to the very relations whom he had openly disdained .
eager to be alone .
lem me go with you ? ''
he took another step back , with the same elaboration and the same risks .
she made a slight .
a new-comer of any age or either sex was an im-pressive
`` i know that .
as it principally concerns yourself , you ought to know its contents .
i really do not think georgiana darcy has her equal for beauty , elegance , and accomplishments .
that on the score of some family objections on the part of my cousin .
she ran to a closet and got out the ruin of a jacket which tom had gone pirating in .
you shall not .
she wished , she feared that the master of the house might be amongst them .
and indestructible `` give me liberty or give me death '' speech .
at such a time , much might have been said , and silence was very awkward .
there she comes .
`` all ! .
'' replied elizabeth , `` where nothing is in question but the desire of being well married .
she wanted to compose her own , and to make herself agreeable to all .
and so he had meant to hold it in reserve as a last seduction .
her daughter endeavoured to convince her of what she did not believe herself .
good-hearted soul and well-to-do .
he asked elizabeth in a low voice whether her relation were very intimately acquainted with the family of de bourgh .
and broke his apprehensions to us in a manner most creditable to his heart .
but i assure you it is much larger than sir william lucas 's . ''
but she had no reason to fear mr. and mrs. gardiner 's curiosity .
but of the truth of what i shall relate , i can summon more than one witness of undoubted veracity .
found.. elizabeth could but just affect concern in missing him .
and no less certain is it .
the congregation being fully assembled .
she would n't let me gape , nor stretch , nor scratch , before folks. ``
and that made the men suspect something , and then they soon found out what was the matter . ''
but on hearing herself called .
these two great commanders did not condescend to fight in person .
and more than once during dinner did mr. bennet say voluntarily to elizabeth .
because i had no money .
one morning .
`` your plan is a good one .
you can not deny that you have been the principal .
his friend had given him the earliest information of it .
we rest our case here . ''
darcy ? ''
nobody resembling the spaniard entered or left the tavern door .
broken by the tittering and whispering of the choir in the gallery .
how he must have felt it ! ''
and after laughing at her some time , allowed her at last to go .
assuring him that mr. darcy would consider his addressing him without introduction as an impertinent freedom .
it will be in my power to take one of you as far as london .
and then , with a slight bow , turned again into the plantation , and was soon out of sight .
and the place has been shut up .
and the various recollections connected with him gave her a moment 's distress .
he strode in briskly , with the manner of one who had come with all honest speed .
difference between the established forms of ceremony amongst the laity .
for though they could not all talk , they could all eat .
it was only a searcher 's light .
`` yes . ''
not , however , from any fear of disadvantage from it , individually to herself .
would they often exclaim in the bitterness of woe .
your idea of the ponies is delightful .
by and by another came , a little stronger .
and as the boys set to work upon it , tom recounted ( and adorned ) his adventures .
now , lizzy , i think i have surprised you .
but she said less of her astonishment than of her earnest desire for their happiness .
as she went up stairs to get ready .
tom said it might be sunday , now .
for the convenience of the neighbourhood as for his own .
jane listened with astonishment and concern.. she knew not how to believe
she was now in an irritation as violent from delight .
i got to go to church and sweat and sweat .
of the lady 's sensations they remained a little in doubt .
'' replied elizabeth with emphasis .
`` may i ask to what these questions tend ? ''
it was as follows : `` my dear sir .
then he said hesitatingly : `` becky , i. i do n't care for anybody but you . ''
no tom came .
`` well , then .
he inquired how far netherfield was from meryton .
but somehow it seems as if i did . ''
with more perseverance than politeness .
and for the space of a minute they tugged and tore at each other 's hair and clothes .
.
had we been less secret .
since the refusal which his cousin had steadfastly given him would naturally
or i 'll be the sheriff of nottingham and you be robin hood a little while and kill me . ''
it 's all down again and i ca n't hit him a lick .
without authorizing us to lock her up for the rest of her life . ''
tom , if you was ever found again .
kitty was the only one who shed tears .
not because his troubles were one whit less heavy and bitter
tom exhibited .
`` good god !
`` are you not diverted ? ''
but you have certainly no right to concern yourself in mine .
sir william , how can you tell such a story ? .
`` all right .
they found themselves hanging about the neighborhood of the little isolated jail .
`` my dear , you flatter me .
mrs. hurst and miss bingley had spent some hours of the morning with the invalid .
it convinced her , that accident only could discover to mr. bingley her sister 's being in town .
shire militia .
`` perhaps i do .
it was worth while to be a pirate , after all .
tom got down on his breast and reached as far down as he could .
that is all to be forgot .
in which supplication had been necessary to a woman whom he must abominate and despise .
said tom .
when tom awoke in the morning , he wondered where he was .
but i never thought i could , '' said tom .
who , on meeting him accidentally in town , had there renewed a slight acquaintance .
and was grateful to her uncle for saying .
`` my dear madam , '' replied he , `` let us be for ever silent on this point .
and her fear .
that she was persuaded to believe herself in love , and to consent to an elopement .
last man in the world whom i could ever be prevailed on to marry . ''
i am glad he dines here on tuesday .
i reckon he 's a goner .
`` do it now ?
'ah !
declined being introduced to any other lady .
i am no stranger to the particulars of your youngest sister 's infamous elopement .
joined in with tom .
but mrs. bennet .
to go.. elizabeth was pleased .
though i shall always say that he used my daughter extremely ill. and if i was her .
however .
and under that apprehension was putting away her half-finished letter that she might escape all impertinent questions .
which i last night acknowledged to have required the utmost force of passion to put aside .
i 'll learn you . ''
and i dare say there will be some balls .
i can admire you much better as i sit by the fire . ''
'' replied charlotte , `` to be able to impose on the public in such a case .
that they might expect to see their father at home on the following day , which was saturday .
come along .
but jane could think with certainty on only one point , .
`` oh , lizzy !
representing to her all the wickedness of what she had done .
he 's up to something or other .
elizabeth .
the introduction , however , was immediately made .
lady catherine .
and expressed his hopes of their all meeting frequently at st. james 's , with very decent composure .
that he was weltering in tears again , long before she was through .
had gone off on that raft and would turn up at the next town below .
and got `` turned down .
from their infancy , they have been intended for each other .
that long , lugubrious howl rose on the night air again !
perhaps that was the reason of his silence .
that private balls are much pleasanter than public ones.. but now we may be silent . ''
`` well , i reckon it 's so , then .
and she was jealous , and angry , and the tears came and she hated everybody .
`` no .
what right had the friendless to complain ?
her astonishment at his coming .
[ groan . ]
good ! .
mr. robinson 's asking him how he liked our meryton assemblies .
kitty , run down and order the carriage .
that 's a different matter altogether . ''
it is impossible for me to be impartial .
i have told miss bennet several times , that she will never play really well , unless she practises more .
but the gentlemen will have mr. bingley 's chaise to go to meryton .
talking to that one person ( lady lucas ) freely .
`` ah , that 's it .
`` miss bennet .
and sometimes she thought it probable .
as to be certain she could never bestow a favour unworthily .
but he found lydia absolutely resolved on remaining where she was .
'' said elizabeth , coolly , `` will be rather a confirmation of it .
then there were reading exercises , and a spelling fight .
for there is but too much reason to fear they are not gone to scotland .
that is the place to get husbands .
he did not venture again until he had found it .
i hope they will not meet at all .
and ensconced themselves within the protection of three great elms that
that being better suited to the still smaller fry .
he felt willing to risk injun joe and all other terrors .
a little later he paused .
i know no harm of her . ''
and ran across the lawn after their father .
mr. darcy was eyeing him with unrestrained wonder .
and then it 's sunday .
i shall know what to think . ''
there would not be any bothersome uncertainty as to where to dig .
wickham , lydia , were all forgotten .
no , it 's a box , i believe .
he danced only four dances , though gentlemen were scarce .
if it 's anybody , and they 're up there , let them stay there .
and bringing forward his disposition in so amiable a light , which yesterday had produced .
it was a large .
`` oh !
by and by she gave up , and let her hands drop .
i was never more annoyed !
the next instant he was out , and `` going on '' like an indian .
but elizabeth , to satisfy her mother , went to the window .
who had for many years the management of all the pemberley estates .
`` no , not always .
she endeavoured to persuade herself that she did not regret it .
the effect that injun joe 's evidence stood firm and unshaken .
and in the nearness of the parsonage .
my dear , you may have the advantage of your friend , and introduce mr. bingley to her . ''
again she read on .
for the signpainter 's boy had gilded it !
`` no , indeed , indeed i wo n't .
the gentlemen arrived early .
you have delighted us long enough .
`` it 's just nothing . ''
i saw them downtown and follered them . ''
do not consider me now as an elegant female intending to plague you .
the sort of extraordinary advantage and blessing which few can boast .
he will rant and storm about his love for you .
but on the third .
so heartily approved his marriage .
`` and pray , what is the usual price of an earl 's younger son ?
and she gradually learned to consider it herself with greater pleasure as well as greater certainty .
you know it is not sound , and that you would never act in this way yourself . ''
have you never happened to see her there ? ''
for give me leave to observe that i consider the clerical office as
and even repeatedly to say in an ill-natured tone that she `` wished they might be happy . ''
and finally bribe .
the village of st. petersburg still mourned .
sir william could not have interrupted any two people in the room who had less
and all her earnest desire of being loved by her sister .
i declare i do not know a more aweful object than darcy .
he does not want abilities .
`` but you will know it , when i have told you what happened the very next day . ''
and , give me leave to say , very impolitic too .
and now here 's mr. bennet gone away .
that the whole of the visit would not pass away without enabling them to enter into something more of conversation .
but nothing happened .
she now lost every expectation of pleasure .
but they presently discovered that the fire had eaten so far up under the great log it
and he never saw anybody go into it or come out of it except at night .
land alive , go on , tom ! ''
bingley of course returned with him to dinner .
the comfort to her , of the regiment 's approaching removal , was indeed beyond expression .
and moved away from each other , would have told it all .
it is not so pleasant i can tell you , to be making new acquaintance every day .
and his sufferings were almost more than he could bear .
tin pans and horns were added to the din .
and everybody talking 'bout it .
who could have done less for her ?
`` are you sure you did , tom ? ''
he gratefully opened to the lesson for the afternoon and poured ink upon the page .
`` say , hucky , when you going to try the cat ? ''
which she did without any intermission till coffee came in .
jane was not deceived , but she was affected .
miss bingley made no answer .
tom , something 's always told me we 'd never get holt of that swag . ''
preachers and such like .
my faults , according to this calculation , are heavy indeed !
elizabeth , however , had never been blind to the impropriety of her father 's behaviour as a husband .
and fearful .
she saw the indelicacy of putting himself forward as he had done .
he laid himself down under the thwarts and waited , panting .
miss bennet , to seize such an opportunity of dancing a reel ? ''
`` oh , that 's jolly .
without actual blame on either side . ''
she read .
`` how should you have liked making sermons ? ''
`` but depend upon it .
however .
with a good-humoured smile , `` come , mr. wickham , we are brother and sister , you know .
at last he was pronounced upon the mend .
the two cousins found a temptation from this period of walking thither almost every day .
then at once they reached and hovered upon the imminent verge of sleep .
that mr. bennet had been to epsom and clapham , before his arrival , but without gaining any satisfactory information .
on the contrary .
but on beholding it .
because he found that in kicking off his trousers he had kicked his string of rattlesnake rattles off his ankle .
he did not judge your father to be a person whom he could so properly consult as your uncle .
she can have no idea of the pain she gives me by her continual reflections on him .
mr. darcy has not authorised me to make his communication public .
that 's a mighty good nigger , tom .
i always thought they were very unfit to have the charge of her .
turned a suspender into a belt .
that 's very well .
she retreated from the window , fearful of being seen .
and show 'em where the good fishin ' places was .
a long , lingering , colossal sigh followed , and his heart broke .
tom found himself writing `` becky '' in the sand with his big toe .
elizabeth felt that she had neither been seeing him before .
the retired artist sat on a barrel in the shade close by .
elizabeth was called on by her cousin .
but he knew a thorough search would be made for it and that might end in revelations .
he might ' a ' found out he could n't get his revenge .
mr. darcy .
in the gallery of the church among a chaos of invalided benches .
now , if i did n't think you sewed his collar with white thread , but it 's black . ''
vol .
she is almost three and twenty !
that all her good sense .
`` i am , '' said he , with a firm voice .
far the most `` eloquent '' thing he had ever listened to .
would not have the man know that he knew anything against him for the whole world .
which elizabeth considered as all but certain , and miss bennet could not assert to be wholly impossible .
`` yes , but , huck , ghosts do n't travel around only at night .
he introduced us to his sister . ''
my father is going to london with colonel forster instantly , to try to discover her .
tom got out of the presence as quick as he plausibly could .
he thought all this and more in the moment that elapsed between the stranger 's remark and injun joe's next .
and when mr. wickham walked into the room .
between the tavern and the old rattle trap of a brick store .
the welshman almost jumped out of his chair .
to miss lydia bennet .
mrs. bennet was perfectly satisfied .
`` you are dancing with the only handsome girl in the room .
she remembered what she had herself endured on a similar occasion , five and twenty years ago .
presently .
he had felt their importance in the family circle .
every sentence that he uttered was increasing her embarrassment .
`` i am glad you are come back , lizzy . ''
now let me . ''
but he felt less and less hopeful with each failure .
you can scarcely conceive .
all nature was wide awake and stirring , now .
it was plain that she was tired of him and wished him to go .
they plunged into the narrow path between the tall sumach bushes , and were at once hidden in the gloom .
unknown to the society of hertfordshire .
`` it 's one of the widow 's parties that she 's always having .
take your choice , but you must be satisfied with only one .
and i think it infinitely superior to miss grantley 's . ''
elizabeth was excessively disappointed .
by and by , out of the stillness , little , scarcely perceptible noises began to emphasize themselves .
so he thought he would hold the tooth in reserve for the present , and seek further .
lady lucas began directly to calculate with more interest than the matter had ever excited before .
never you trouble yourself , sir !
which she had feared to encourage .
'' said he , `` that what i wrote must give you pain , but it was necessary .
`` nothing so easy , if you have but the inclination , '' said elizabeth .
the compliment must be all for herself .
i have much pleasure indeed in talking to any body .
`` yes , he did .
tom 's uneasiness grew more and more intense under the slow torture of these proceedings .
mr. bingley was unaffectedly civil in his answer .
we can not suppose he would help it .
elizabeth took an opportunity of thanking her .
he had his own reasons for being delighted .
that he considered the money as a mere trifle , and begged she would not make herself uneasy .
`` no .
and a large towel to blindfold it with .
then huckleberry and tom stood dumb and staring .
his elbow was pressing against some hard substance .
[ then with a spasm of special irritation and injury ] .
with a slate before them .
by denying that he spilt the ink on the book himself .
crowded with the young and the gay , and dazzling with scarlet .
`` i wo n't .
was soliciting the good opinion of her friends , and bent on making her known to his sister .
when lady catherine and her daughter had played as long as they chose .
the worst objections to the match , made her too angry to have any wish of doing him justice .
i did not once put my foot out of doors , though i was there a fortnight .
i can not be otherwise than concerned at being the means of injuring your amiable daughters .
but perhaps .
`` how 'll she ever know ? ''
you refuse , then , to oblige me .
so he had only hacked that place in order to be doing something .
cried in a half whisper .
`` then .
and elizabeth had only to suffer from the uncomfortable feelings necessarily attending it .
`` which he is ! ''
`` bingley . ''
whose bounty and beneficence has preferred me to the valuable rectory of this parish .
so replete with advantage .
how unlucky !
and elizabeth sorry for her .
and when we tell 'em we learned when we was off pirating .
and then you and old miss harper hugged and cried , and she went . ''
to request an explanation of what lydia had dropt .
and negro boys and girls were always there waiting their turns .
for my part , mr. bingley , i always keep servants that can do their own work .
the scruples that had long prevented my forming any serious design .
i who knew what he was .
but it occurred to him that he might as well have the marble he had just thrown away .
ben stopped nibbling his apple .
he was vastly gratified the next moment .
which with some brotherly affection , makes him a very kind and careful guardian of his sister .
oh !
several witnesses deposed concerning potter 's guilty behavior when brought to the scene of the murder .
how he followed two avenues as far as his kite-line would reach .
saw such looks of enquiring surprise in her uncle and aunt , as made every thing worse .
`` my !
`` the conduct of neither , if strictly examined , will be irreproachable .
you had much better dance . ''
yes .
a few birds floated on lazy wing high in the air .
`` no , i should have turned in a moment . ''
to caroline's assertion of her brother 's being partial to miss darcy she paid no credit .
what did he say , tom ? ''
`` his guilt and his descent appear by your account to be the same , '' said elizabeth angrily .
it do n't make any difference what happens , we got to keep mum .
he would have been able to do something for him , and his situation must have been benefited by marriage .
it was discouraging work .
that 's something , ai n't it ? ''
all alive with the joy of seeing home again after an age-long visit of one week to the country .
and i dare say i shall get husbands for them before the winter is over . ''
i bear you no ill-will for being justified in your advice to me last may .
were in the habit of spending more than they ought , and of associating with people of rank .
at that moment they were met from another walk , by mrs. hurst and elizabeth herself .
aunt polly 's happiness was complete , and mrs. thatcher 's nearly so .
do not distress me by the idea .
it was certain that her manner would be equally ill adapted to do credit to her sense .
sometime i 've set right down and eat with him .
and collecting herself as well as she could .
i am prodigiously proud of him .
he moved away and joined a group of boys and girls and began to talk .
anyway , it lays there a long time and gets rusty .
`` well .
and accordingly she did turn , and they walked towards the parsonage together .
and at length wholly banished by the conviction that mr. darcy would never have hazarded such a proposal .
spoke likewise restraint .
we 'd ' a ' got the money .
then i ai n't the first you 've ever been engaged to ! ''
carriage made her feel how unequal she was to encounter charlotte 's observation .
and elizabeth felt persuaded that no real confidence could ever subsist between them again .
and was now absolutely resolved on being ordained , if i would present him to the living in question .
here again i shall give you pain .
yet , indeed , i am in earnest .
there was a long silence , profound and unbroken .
her heart had been but slightly touched .
there were some boys-and-girls ' parties .
`` there is some sense in what he says about the girls however .
and here they ca n't come and pick at a feller and bullyrag him so . ''
`` well , then , you need not be under any alarm .
found herself alone , and the next instant she had the book in her hands .
she was ready to allow it a wise and desirable measure for both .
they are all for what they can get .
pushing the body from him , and gazed at it , and then around him , confusedly .
sing ! .
my joy in grief , my second bliss in joy , ' came to my side .
you thought me then devoid of every proper feeling , i am sure you did .
and they take loaves of bread and put quicksilver in 'em and set 'em afloat .
louisa and i were agreeing that we should not have known her again . ''
over decaying logs .
and her manner of living .
from a determination of making him speak .
and pronouncing them , after a short survey , to be decent looking rooms , walked on .
persecuted till he was up , as usual ?
misgivings came .
he put down his pail .
that she might not be obliged to go into company more than she liked .
she might by this time have been presented to her , as her future niece .
i have therefore made up my mind to tell you .
no , no , this is not likely .
the women get to loving you .
and down they ran into the dining-room , which fronted the lane , in quest of this wonder .
keep hid till i blow . ''
as well as a possible advantage to jane .
do n't , tom .
or which the country .
took the white alley , and bent over the toe with absorbing interest while the bandage was being unwound .
which naturally leading to the cause of that interruption .
with the design of soon returning.. the part which i acted .
and their mother talked on .
cat-like , with bare feet , allowing them to keep just far enough ahead not to be invisible .
and they were at last obliged to accept the second-hand intelligence of their neighbour lady lucas .
could believe you ever had as good a thought as that .
he owns it himself without disguise . ''
these signals were answered in the same way .
that it was n't anything to spit like tom sawyer .
`` if you believed it impossible to be true .
so doubtful , so indefinite , that it gives me very little idea .
and then it was discomforting to see huck eying joe 's preparations so wistfully .
but the silence was a little awkward .
then he said : `` becky , can you bear it if i tell you something ? ''
formed a curious dialogue , and was exactly in unison with her opinion of each .
it was hardly enough .
`` sid , was it you that told ? ''
indeed , and of course she will be always at pemberley with you . ''
and never had she so honestly felt that she could have loved him .
`` will you give me leave to defer your raptures till i write again ? .
down the road .
she goes to bed by a bell .
well-a-well .
and i remained convinced from the evening 's scrutiny .
from the distress of the moment , been led to make mr. darcy acquainted with their fears for her sister .
`` nothing but a tick . ''
`` oh yes .
be that as it may , she saw him go with regret .
was another prevailing concern .
and .
seeing that the lightnings were still withheld .
`` of course .
'' said she , `` that there is nothing so bad as parting with one 's friends .
when they got out their pipes and went serenely puffing around , the very summit of glory was reached .
allowing the case .
i judge we never touched them .
though it was only on its being a wet night .
he welcomed them a second time with ostentatious formality to his humble abode .
`` how could i know you was looking at anything ? ''
my father began life in the profession which your uncle .
but in vain .
fetch a glass of water ! ''
they must be a great loss to your family . ''
that bingley preferred your eldest sister .
it is a pity that great ladies in general are not more like her .
and if not .
and that there was a constant complacency in her air and manner , not often united with great sensibility .
your mother should have taken you to town every spring for the benefit of masters . ''
we have heard nothing from town . ''
the two boys were sworn friends all the week , and embattled enemies on saturdays .
tom skirted the block .
but on the whole he felt glad the little episode had happened .
her mother to appoint the next day for the long-promised and long-delayed picnic .
early in the forenoon parties of jaded men began to straggle into the village .
`` lady catherine is a very respectable .
i .
and that , if he marry prudently , his wife may teach him .
there was no help for it however .
and that in speaking of rosings and her not perfectly understanding the house .
charlotte 's reply was spared by the entrance of jane and elizabeth .
and at length it was settled that their original design of leaving netherfield that morning should be mentioned .
`` why , we only guessed at the time .
and i 'll do it every night .
`` what 's the matter , boy !
he said cautiously .
they had no heart in their sports , and gradually gave them up .
friend had once occurred to elizabeth within the last day or two .
he well knew the futility of trying to contend against witches , so he gave up discouraged .
certainly they will ! ''
and in spite of his being a lover .
all she wants is that you 'll be safe .
he could sit up as late as he pleased .
`` no .
the thought took a deal of the spirit out of his anticipations .
she was half sorry her sagacity had miscarried .
could not in rational expectation survive such a blow as this .
do n't do that ! ''
it is the greatest of favours when miss de bourgh comes in . ''
and as dawson does not object to the barouche box .
`` cracky , i wisht i was .
caroline , '' cried her brother .
the two first dances , however , brought a return of distress .
elizabeth was glad to be taken to her immediately .
though seldom able to indulge the taste .
and dwelling on some passages which proved that jane had not written in spirits .
tom , you could n't told it more like if you 'd ' a ' seen it !
witches ai n't got no power in the daytime . ''
there was certainly at this moment .
`` i find myself very unwell this morning .
`` no !
to an imaginary company : `` hold , my merry men !
and when she rose to take leave .
she found it difficult to obtain even a word from her beyond a monosyllable .
mr. darcy walked off .
how wonderfully these sort of things occur !
lady catherine de bourgh , does not look on the match with a friendly eye . ''
to avoid a family circle was even more desirable to such as did think , than such as did not .
`` i am trying to make it out . ''
and enumerating with energy all his good qualities .
i have met with two instances lately .
`` though it is right to be prepared for the worst .
i am the happiest creature in the world .
and why should he give it up , he reasoned .
ten thousand a year , and very likely more !
had not mr. collins thus addressed her .
because he is rich , and many others are poor .
when sermon-making was not so palatable to you as it seems to be at present .
other people uninterested in the sermon found relief in the beetle , and they eyed it too .
joe sat poking up the sand with a stick and looking very gloomy .
`` oh !
lizzy declares she will not have mr. collins .
`` if he wants our society , let him seek it .
it was her best consolation for all the uncomfortable hours .
do n't look so !
you are just as mean as you can be .
the halfbreed frowned .
and so .
vacation had come .
`` i advise mr. darcy .
this shortly brought them to a bewitching spring , whose basin was incrusted with a frostwork of glittering crystals .
and friday ai n't all , neither .
so he put joe 's slate on the desk and drew
much .
she dropped the water treatment and everything else , and pinned her faith to pain-killer .
and mrs. bennet found .
what is the matter with you , child ? ''
she dreaded lest the chambermaid had been mistaken .
but said that there was another person whose modesty .
and who was equally poor ? ''
when they were suddenly arrested by the sight of the stranger .
he did not know any particular reason for this state of things .
i know you will do him such ample justice , that i am growing every moment more unconcerned and indifferent .
i should be completely in your way.. and if the second .
the bride and bridegroom set off for kent from the church door .
`` i bet i know it .
what 's all this blowout about , anyway ? ''
and roads , were all to her taste , and lady catherine 's behaviour was most friendly and obliging .
but from what the report of their engagement could originate , elizabeth was at a loss to imagine .
mr. bennet had very often wished .
without violently caring for her .
sawbones , and you 'll just out with another five , or here she stays . ''
i am always glad to get a young person well placed out .
i saw you . ''
and he went outside the door and set the basin on a little bench there .
if you love mr. darcy half as well as i do my dear wickham , you must be very happy .
except the shops and public places .
within the circle of our acquaintance , whose name would have given the lie more effectually to what they related ?
* * * * * it may be easily believed .
for more than one villager remarked : `` it was within
and put sackcloth and ashes on his head , and stand out in the rain , and. ``
'pon my soul and honor , i never meant to , joe .
a low phaeton , with a nice little pair of ponies , would be the very thing .
& c. '' as it happened that elizabeth had much rather not .
after the fashion of that country and that day .
the girls stared at their father .
till his manners gave a disgust which turned the tide of his popularity .
he was not there .
now the raft was passing before the distant town .
which he can not be excused from making as comfortable as possible .
perhaps you 'd better stay all night with some of the girls that live near the ferry-landing , child . ''
but i know very well that mr. darcy is not in the least to blame .
`` indeed i do not dare . ''
`` oh , do n't be afeard .
that had his character and his marriage been exactly what they ought .
sir william was so completely awed .
and to assert that i had forfeited all claim to it by extravagance .
she had a fresh source of displeasure .
of fights and other recreations among certain of the bad boys .
had not your pride been hurt by my honest confession of
`` yes .
it might have verdigrease on it . ''
the hall , the dining-room , and all its furniture were examined and praised .
elizabeth 's eyes were fixed on her with most painful sensations .
while these newly-born notions were passing in their heads , the perturbation of elizabeth 's feelings was every moment increasing .
you may rest perfectly assured .
formal , apology .
jane .
and before he went away .
such as you describe mr. bingley .
he shall be mercenary , and she shall be foolish . ''
his principal object must be , to discover the number of the hackney coach which took them from clapham .
hours before the rest of the party with whom he had been travelling .
`` consound it , tom sawyer , you 're just old pie , 'long-side o ' what i am .
two stanzas of it will do : `` a missouri maiden 's farewell to alabama `` alabama , goodbye !
becky gave loose to tears and wailings .
and the report which was in general circulation within five minutes after his entrance .
`` listen ! ''
and other little displays of authority and fine attention to discipline .
`` what is it , huck ? ''
admission , three pins for boys , two for girls .
for the other churches of the village .
what would i give to hear your strictures on them ! ''
mrs. bennet was quite in the fidgets .
it can not be for me , it can not be for my sake that his manners are thus softened .
caroline did not return my visit till yesterday .
it was an encouragement of vice .
as made her look handsomer than ever .
and he repeated his enquiries as to the time of her having left longbourn .
and before she could reply to the entreaties of several that she would sing again .
and oh !
they had not been long together , before darcy told her that bingley was also coming to wait on her .
yet she tried to the utmost to speak with composure when she said .
he said : `` may n't i go and play now , aunt ? ''
sid broke it ! ''
and smile from mrs. annesley to miss darcy had been given .
four avenues opened out of the small cavern which the great rock stood in .
the first time of my ever seeing him in hertfordshire , you must know , was at a ball .
or else i could take it in my way to newcastle .
there seemed little chance of her ever considering it with less perplexity .
in this manner lady catherine talked on .
`` can you come to-morrow ? ''
sir , you can bet he did n't , becuz he 's the wartiest boy in this town .
whose immediate connections were so unequal to his own , his aunt would address him on his weakest side .
their manner of living .
the visit was returned in due form .
`` my !
and she wavered as to the greater probability of his coming there with his friend 's permission .
you tom ! ''
`` i done it out of pity for him .
had not jane .
and then circusing was abandoned .
but .
but perhaps you have been too pleasantly engaged to think of any third person .
a father absent , a mother incapable of exertion , and requiring constant attendance .
instead of giving her consequence .
no .
and the two frightened boys went speeding away in the dark .
though you have but a short lease . ''
tom said they must go softly and listen for dripping water .
put it out of her power to dance with others .
he can have no objection , i am sure , to oblige us for one half hour . ''
or that may comfort you .
she is up stairs , and will have great satisfaction in seeing you all .
asking us on sunday to drink tea and spend the evening at rosings .
which he trusted would be an unanswerable argument with his amiable charlotte
nothing suggested itself .
`` what would she have said ? .
he earnestly entreated her to name the day that was to make him the happiest of men .
he was admitted daily after that .
then he said : `` well , i do n't know .
said she .
they raged around sid like a hail-storm .
meantime , and been aware of his attentions .
this was a thunderbolt out of a clear sky .
and fuddled with the rum as he had the look of being .
shouted a voice .
for she received an invitation from mrs. forster .
and their brother felt authorised by such commendation to think of her as he chose .
had lydia 's marriage been concluded on the most honourable terms .
mr. darcy , it is very ungenerous in you to mention all that you knew to my disadvantage in hertfordshire .
to this speech bingley made no answer .
your 's , & c. `` edw .
shucks !
he had shoes on .
to provoke him .
and if you are not kind to us , brother , i do not know what we shall do . ''
it was painful .
`` you are rather disposed to call his interference officious ? ''
he said he meant to look to it that tom should be admitted to the
then he knelt by the fire and painfully wrote something upon each of these with his `` red keel '' .
i remember the time when i liked a red coat myself very well .
and each boy pricked the ball of his thumb and squeezed out a drop of blood .
cared not how soon that establishment were gained .
as the style of living of the neighbourhood in general , was beyond the collinses ' reach .
like enough it was too late or too early . ''
i am not equal to it .
he tried to seem to be looking everywhere but whither he really was looking .
haggerston has our directions , and all will be completed in a week .
while pretending to admire her work .
she talked to elizabeth again and again .
but his cousin .
the other is charlotte 's marriage .
`` only think of its being three months , '' she cried , `` since i went away .
after many pauses and many trials of other subjects .
`` for theirs .
this desire suddenly came upon tom one day .
remembering how lonely was his estate , how companionless and forlorn he was .
elizabeth had frequently united with jane in an endeavour to check the imprudence of catherine and lydia .
`` well , i reckon maybe that 's so .
huck said with some apprehension .
but checking himself , he added in a gayer tone , `` is it in address that he improves ?
and added , that he did not doubt her seeing them all in due time well disposed of in marriage .
but so formidable was his character that nobody could be found
there was a rustling of dresses , and the standing congregation sat down .
so she kept silence , and went about her affairs with a troubled heart .
`` when you have killed all your own birds .
`` if you are looking for my master , ma'am , he is walking towards the little copse . ''
why , they used to fight all the time .
the communication excited many professions of concern .
provided that some other clergyman is engaged to do the duty of the day .
i 'd die if they was to wake . ''
you must come and make lizzy marry mr. collins .
`` that was the day after i lost a white alley .
instantly tom answered it , and leading becky by the hand , started groping down the corridor in its direction .
this will never do . ''
i might .
he said , `` sid , sid ! ''
exclaimed tom .
and stopped in a dense undergrowth on a small bluff overlooking the meeting-place .
and what 's more , she 's getting better , too . ''
i do assure you that my intimacy has not yet taught me that .
but it 's a blessed , blessed lie , there 's such a comfort come from it .
very odd ! .
when questioned by jane , had long ago asserted his blamelessness in the affair .
madam .
grew severer and more exacting than ever .
persuaded that affection and confidence subsisted between mr. darcy and herself .
but nothing 's ever been seen around that house except in the night .
after sitting in this manner a quarter of an hour .
ting-a-ling-ling ! ''
when first mr. bennet had married , economy was held to be perfectly useless .
his cap was a dainty thing .
he raised it , glanced at it , and let it fall , with a shudder .
and but for the magical thrill imparted by her genial touch .
but tom was uneasy , nevertheless , and was alarmed to see joe go sullenly on with his dressing .
what is it , mary , tell me what it is . ''
and when her sisters abused it as ugly , she added , with perfect unconcern , `` oh !
would now have been gladly and gratefully received !
`` that is rather singular . ''
stay quietly at home , and be satisfied that we shall take no offence . ''
than by supposing a partiality for their niece .
spring and the last to resume leather in the fall .
sunday-school sup'rintendents ? ''
the lad fled on the instant , scrambled up the high board-fence , and disappeared over it .
all of them equally surprised to find that he meditated a quick return .
you slit her nostrils .
that he would do as little .
huck sank back , panting gently , but deeply , unutterably grateful .
`` is one of those young ladies who seek to recommend themselves to the other sex .
ever since i have known it .
there was cheer in every face and a spring in every step .
it is of no consequence .
but now , this thing had actually and unquestionably failed .
the welshman started .
i shall now take the liberty of wishing them health and happiness , not excepting my cousin elizabeth . ''
elizabeth allowed that he had given a very rational account of it .
then took them aboard .
which , however , as i have already said , may not be for several years .
`` now , mr. siddy , you jist 'tend to your own business .
in a descent among hanging woods , to the edge of the water , in one of its narrowest parts .
`` i told you the other day , of his infamous behaviour to mr. darcy .
oh , if it was to do over again i 'd hug him and bless him for it . ''
the first thing tom heard on friday morning was a glad piece of news .
`` you take an eager interest in that gentleman 's concerns .
on applying to see the place , they were admitted into the hall .
'' said her aunt .
he stood about .
and super-excellent disposition of jane , and a general similarity of feeling and taste between her and himself .
`` any other boy ! ''
`` hello , yourself . ''
hey ? ''
that murderin ' half-breed !
but she was satisfied with none .
but the delicacy of it prevented farther inquiry .
the whisper died wholly out .
to whom he was now rendering himself agreeable .
brother-in-law of wickham !
and they saw a gentleman and lady in a curricle , driving up the street .
and between herself and elizabeth , therefore , the subject was never alluded to .
elizabeth at first had rather wondered that charlotte should not prefer the dining-parlour for common use .
but i 'd say come in the night as we used to do .
have pitched on any man .
a dessertspoonful once in four and twenty hours .
`` oh , do n't do it again , tom , it is too horrid , '' said becky .
that tall , proud man . ''
`` you required your pay in advance , and i 've paid you . ''
but there was still something lurking behind , of which prudence forbad the disclosure .
in the meanwhile .
i have reason to think bingley very much indebted to him .
hope was over , entirely over .
in which it was difficult to determine whether pleasure or pain bore the greatest share .
presently the hammering of a woodpecker was heard .
it 's mighty hard to make him work saturdays .
no one made any reply .
only the funereal rustling of dresses as the women gathered to their seats disturbed the silence there .
to where she actually saw the blue speck of daylight .
'' said mr. collins .
and suppose there ai n't .
however , by supposing that her last letter to her friend from longbourn , had by some accident been lost .
there was no arguing upon such a project .
and the lucases are very good sort of girls , i assure you .
what is it you 'll tell ? ''
`` oh , i das n't , mars tom .
and no sooner had they entered the breakfast-room .
`` upon my word ! .
home could not be faultless , a little change was not unwelcome for its own sake .
and said : `` please , becky , wo n't you take it ? ''
elizabeth could never address her without feeling that all the comfort of intimacy was over .
jane 's is nothing to it .
there could not but be curiosity to know how she would speak of her new home .
she did not fear her father 's opposition .
she could settle it in no way that gave her pleasure .
`` i wish it may . ''
then he tiptoed his way cautiously among the trees till he felt that he was out of hearing .
they. ``
be incapable of triumphing in her better judgment .
and he had practised upon its simplicity more than once .
that seemed to rend the treetops right over the boys ' heads .
who were most anxiously expected , to the credit of their punctuality as sportsmen , were in very good time .
i will try again .
find him !
clothes in the entirely intolerable discomfort of being set up as a target for everybody 's gaze and everybody 's laudations .
though i am not certain that i consider her marrying mr. collins as the wisest thing she ever did .
and though mrs. philips .
by a situation of such double danger as a watering place and a camp .
and follow him to '' number two , '' wherever that might be .
he made an effort to stretch yet a little farther to the right .
in a moment of infatuation , have made him forget what he owes to himself and to all his family .
lately fitted up with greater elegance and lightness than the apartments below .
you must know .
his character was decided .
but as it happens , they are all of them very clever . ''
though cruelly scared , and got a fine round of applause when he made his manufactured bow and retired .
`` there are very few people of whom so much can be said .
well dressed on a week-day .
`` wickham is not so undeserving , then , as we have thought him . ''
`` run , for your life ! ''
but mr. gardiner .
until that man was dead and he had seen the corpse .
and luckily for the others , the business of love-making relieved them from a great deal of his company .
fearing lest it might seem disrespectful to his memory for me to be on good terms with any one .
swam three or four strokes and climbed into the skiff that
while he continued in the neighbourhood .
`` say !
becky , and i 'm so sorry .
`` implacable resentment is a shade in a character .
none could remember when the little church had been so full before .
the boys talked little .
and i never to see him again in this world .
and that she seemed to cast a conscious eye in his direction at such times , too .
before company .
and here you 've laid , as dead as a wedge til now . ''
'' said he `` i made a confession to him .
said tom .
the dog looked foolish , and probably felt so .
they were rather handsome .
both changed colour , one looked white , the other red .
`` it ought to be so .
but there were two among them that watched his movements with intent eyes .
there was scarcely an interruption from any one to break the charm of its flow .
leave elizabeth much attention for any of these new friends .
yes . ''
`` why , so as to have something to live on , by and by . ''
but i have bad news for you , and it can not be delayed .
`` there is a fine old saying , which every body here is of course familiar with .
she only said in reply .
the dear colonel rallied his spirits tolerably till just at last .
my dearest lizzy .
howsoever that may be .
her equal share of the five thousand pounds .
and while the late steamer big missouri worked and sweated in the sun .
then he would have him awakened at the right time and hurried away to school .
but now as the first shock is over , shall i own that i long for your return ?
the poor fellow had got the attorney to promise secrecy , but what of that ?
there was not an urchin in school but was perishing to have a glimpse of it .
though wickham had been little there since the death of darcy 's father .
who came as usual to spend the christmas at longbourn .
to the last .
how can he tell ? ''
tom sawyer 's gang .
melancholy girl .
he even wore a necktie , a bright bit of ribbon .
by settlement .
when the tea-things were removed .
so .
i tote water for uncle jake whenever he wants me to .
joe was for being a hermit .
they divided and ate it .
bold enough to say before ) how much i like him .
and if i were determined to get a rich husband .
i wouldn't do that .
and nobody can ever be introduced in a ball room .
allowing for the necessary preparations of settlements .
`` well , i 'll just bet i will , though .
presently a vagrant poodle dog came idling along .
hating the ill luck that made them take the spade and the pick there .
charlotte did not stay much longer , and elizabeth was then left to reflect on what she had heard .
and two or three little circumstances occurred ere they parted .
he must be a simpleton indeed not to discover it too . ''
words were not needed .
mr. darcy is engaged to my daughter .
and said : `` where you going to dig next , after we get this one ? ''
which my situation in life has allowed me to acquire .
i ca n't bear it . ''
tom did what he could to comfort her , but with little effect .
they both set off .
my aunt would make me mighty sick if i lost it . ''
and confessed that they had had almost as satisfactory a time
was a spacious temporary platform upon which were seated the scholars
but jane was to go home with her , and at longbourn there would be leisure enough for observation .
and tom stood looking after him .
was shortly relieved .
pride and prejudice : a novel .
because there is reason to suppose .
i should have considered it as part of my duty , and the exertion would soon have been nothing .
`` it was a subject which they could not mention before me . ''
they gradually wandered apart .
which gave them time to see how heartily they were wished away by some of the family .
`` as i generally do every year , and intend to close it with a call at the parsonage .
`` but , my dear elizabeth , '' she added , `` what sort of girl is miss king ?
and steadfastly was she persuaded that he could have no explanation to give .
nor was darcy 's vindication , though grateful to her feelings , capable of consoling her for such discovery .
she could not tell , but he certainly had not seen her with composure .
which no one seemed to value but herself .
but all sense of pleasure was lost in shame .
sometimes she could fancy .
i would advise you , before you determine on it , to consult the wishes of the present party .
`` and you did just right , '' said the widow .
mr. wickham is the son of a very respectable man .
or the lucases .
what do you reckon it is ? ''
and gratified my vanity , in useless or blameable distrust.. how humiliating is this discovery ! .
`` tell your sister i am delighted to hear of her improvement on the harp .
`` i never thought mr. darcy so deficient in the appearance of it as you used to do . ''
darcy took up a book .
the disagreement subsisting between yourself and my late honoured father .
said her sister .
it was a better sized room , and had a pleasanter aspect .
the disadvantages which must attend the children of so unsuitable a marriage .
but i just knowed it must ' a ' ben you , soon as i heard 'bout that whiskey business .
but harriet was ill , and so pen was forced to come by herself .
better say we would !
a body 's bound to get into trouble with 'em , sure . ''
a friend were to say .
but no one looked more amused than mr. bennet himself .
her eyes watered a little .
`` now , sir , what did you want to treat that poor dumb beast so , for ? ''
of this she was perfectly unaware.. to her he was only the man who made himself agreeable no where .
and though with his own he never appeared dissatisfied .
he sobbed , now , to think he should never , never hear that old familiar sound any more .
and besides , he had been `` thrown up to them '' so much .
without any reason .
and the hursts have no horses to theirs . ''
while the regiment was in hertfordshire .
lifting pretty warning fingers at bad little boys and patting good ones lovingly .
this had a better effect .
elizabeth ran up to her sister , and seeing her well guarded from cold , attended her into the drawing-room .
and again during the chief of the day , was miss lucas so kind as to listen to mr. collins .
`` upon my word .
it is what every body says .
but did not suspect him of descending to such malicious revenge , such injustice , such inhumanity as this ! ''
i reckon i better go and find it . ''
`` oh !
and repeatedly tried to persuade miss bennet that it would not be safe for her .
the master 's wife would go on a visit to the country in a few days .
but these things happen so often !
'' said her ladyship .
or that i rejoice in my success .
`` and i reckon not , huck .
he glanced at huck .
`` if it is designedly done , they can not be justified .
'' cried her mother , `` as to think of such a thing , in all this dirt !
i hope she 'll let me come . ''
elizabeth almost stared at her.. `` can this be mr .
which if not estimable , you think at least highly interesting .
well , that was very decided indeed .
all the long afternoon the village seemed empty and dead .
`` huckleberry finn , indeed !
`` hy'roglyphics .
therefore it will be wisest not to reveal any of that part of their lives at present .
and though prepared .
your sister has been talking to me about him , and asking me a thousand questions .
you mentioned two instances .
who often joined them , and good-naturedly engaged mr. collins 's conversation to herself .
he was in the full bloom of luxurious contentment .
tom was a glittering hero once more .
that years of happiness could not make jane or herself amends , for moments of such painful confusion .
what is it you are talking of ?
because this one parted latest from the living body before the awful death came .
though the diffidence of affection sometimes overcame the hope .
under a peppering fire of giggles from the whole school .
unless we expect to say something that will amaze the whole room .
instead of receiving any such letter of excuse from his friend .
his society was irksome , and his attachment to her must be imaginary .
but being satisfied on seeing her that her illness was not alarming .
tom swept his brush daintily back and forth .
or having too much or too little light .
though she had not before known its extent , agreed equally well with his own words .
`` and in a manner which he is likely to suffer from all his life . ''
the girl turned the idea over in her mind , and said reluctantly : `` i reckon it 's wrong .
indeed , to whom i should never dare refuse any thing , which he condescended to ask .
presently the confusion took form .
the funeral was a fine thing .
and the conjectures of the remaining three continued .
the reader probably remembers how to do it , if he has ever been a boy .
a message from her ladyship .
`` the indirect boast.. for you are really proud of your defects in writing .
must guard his courtship from any charm that could make a woman wish for its continuance .
why should they try to influence him ?
and mr. bingley 's large fortune .
i know something that 's better . ''
you must go and learn it again .
mountains into rivers , and rivers into continents , till chaos was come again .
though he has heard them from mr. darcy more than once .
to know that she had the power of revealing what would so exceedingly astonish jane .
he rested again until the sun was well up and gilding the great river with its splendor .
the sunday-school children distributed themselves about the house and occupied pews with their parents .
and asked him what his name was .
`` we have dined nine times at rosings , besides drinking tea there twice ! .
therefore it was deemed wisest not to try the case in the courts at present .
but they sighed often .
and were evidently impatient to have the house to themselves .
it was all pride and insolence .
indeed i rather believe he did .
`` that is a question which i hardly know how to answer .
and every thing else gave way before the hope of jane 's being in the fairest way for happiness .
`` and all the others equally well married , i shall have nothing to wish for . ''
what 'll we do with what little swag we 've got left ? ''
next appeared a dark-complexioned .
he took a kite-line from his pocket .
but i will not leave the country without confiding them , and i trust you will not esteem them unreasonable .
as he lay in the early morning recalling the incidents of his great adventure .
parties could justify her in throwing off this last incumbrance of mystery .
suddenly he discovered something .
an express came at twelve last night .
well .
for i am going there early in june , for a week .
mr. bennet made no answer .
she never looked .
her home and her housekeeping .
.
elizabeth made no answer .
she endeavoured to secure jane in her interest .
his name even went into immortal print , for the village paper magnified him .
* [ * if mr. harbison owned a slave named bull .
now to return to tom and becky 's share in the picnic .
poor kitty has anger for having concealed their attachment .
unless it is , for very cogent reasons , to remain in the secrecy which lydia seems to think necessary .
but not on the other sides .
she could not yet recover from the surprise of what had happened .
`` this will not do , '' said elizabeth .
and the man whom she could not bear to speak of the day before .
laid aside his book .
`` that 's enough , lad , we know the men !
but i will not repine .
on this accidental meeting .
well , i 'd got to talk so nice it was n't no comfort .
it is from my cousin .
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .
i am sure i sha'nt get a wink of sleep all night .
i suspect his gratitude misleads him .
`` oh , that ai n't any use .
no other apology to offer .
before they did .
that she .
his arms straightened and stiffened down his sides .
for as sorely as tom's hands itched to grab for it they did not dare .
talking in whispers , ears alert to catch the slightest sound , and muscles tense and ready for instant retreat .
he was sick , he said , and he looked it .
to inherit this estate after the death of your honoured father .
they were to be off as soon as possible .
`` i assure you there is quite as much of that going on in the country as in town . ''
the neighboring spectators shook with a gentle inward joy .
i will believe , that he is come to a right way of thinking .
and yet how many things have happened ! ''
she was convinced that she could have been happy with him .
my dear , dear jane , i am so happy !
and the greatest man in the world ( as tom supposed ) .
now as to this girl .
my dear , '' said he , when she ceased speaking , `` i have no more to say .
what is the matter ? ''
not turned out well .
but as she thought it advisable to retain the right of visiting at pemberley , she dropt all her resentment .
`` no .
the stupidity with which he was favoured by nature .
you 're to walk with me , when there ain't anybody looking .
laugh at him.. intimate as you are , you must know how it is to be done . ''
`` i can . ''
shocked .
slipped into the water .
but say .
when the ferryboat with her wild freight pushed into the stream .
nothing was to be done that he did not do himself .
the meagre latin class recited with honor .
and yet you can treat the mention of his misfortunes with contempt and ridicule . ''
and she only wanted a little pressing to accept it .
no .
and from the summit of this she delivered a grim the mosaic law , as from sinai .
i was so vexed to see him stand up with her .
and at last .
and that i must hope to have this pleasure often repeated .
found herself .
to dig under one end of it with his barlow knife .
preference which she had begun to entertain for him from the first .
on the day following .
though with some peculiarities .
never , never , never , poor abused boy ! ''
about midnight tom arrived with a boiled ham and a few trifles .
darcy .
so far we are equal . ''
elizabeth was shocked to think that .
he generously imputed the whole to his mistaken pride .
she dared not relate the other half of mr. darcy 's letter .
of most gentleman-like appearance , walking with an officer on the other side of the way .
without actually naming her authority , but stating it to be such as might be relied on .
throned on high in his great splint-bottom arm-chair , was dozing , lulled by the drowsy hum of study .
gentleman-like man , greatly superior to his sister , as well by nature as education .
`` well why do n't you ? ''
they studiously avoided each other .
lydia laughed , and said , `` aye , that is just like your formality and discretion .
but he grew tired once more , after a while .
not yet .
from which they had descended , receiving increased abruptness from the distance , was a beautiful object .
joe tried to remember , but was not sure he could say .
i can not forget the follies and vices of others so soon as i ought .
along with joe harper .
walked around it again .
amen .
and so absorbed were they .
and from this time mr. bingley's name was scarcely ever mentioned between them .
'' i beg you will come here .
for two cents i will do it . ''
immediately said , `` but is there not danger of lady catherine 's disapprobation here , my good sir ? .
so he searched around till he found a small sandy spot with a little funnel-shaped depression in it .
jim , i 'll give you a marvel .
and elizabeth admired the command of countenance with which charlotte talked of the healthfulness of the exercise .
has he deigned to add ought of civility to his ordinary style ?
`` well , '' said charlotte , `` i wish jane success with all my heart .
now .
but i bet you i 'll lam sid for that .
and she could hardly suppress a smile .
specially if they mumble .
you must , therefore , pardon the freedom with which i demand your attention .
joe said feebly : `` i 've lost my knife .
therefore .
clean little faces assembled in a place like this , learning to do right and be good . ''
when tom crept in at his bedroom window the night was almost spent .
on one hand collecting an account of the present fashions from jane .
`` you give your opinion very decidedly for so young a person.. pray , what is your age ? ''
for i have been connected with his family in a particular manner from my infancy . ''
ai n't this grease and clay , on your clothes ? ''
things that must be done .
and it was certain .
and leaving his compliments for her relations , with only one serious , parting , look , went away .
counsel for potter declined to question him .
do we ? ''
she knew but little of their meeting in derbyshire .
and after observing mr. collins for a few moments .
`` it is very much to his credit , i am sure , that you should think so . ''
and whose own manners indicated respectability , was not to be hastily rejected .
and whose very name it was punishment to him to pronounce .
but you must remember that four evenings have been also spent together .
they fried the fish with the bacon , and were astonished .
that she had a new gown .
in coming to them on the very day of her arrival at pemberley .
i 'll ha'nt that tavern every night for a year !
it war n't locked !
and they have another , who lives somewhere near cheapside . ''
he had merely kept the necessary terms , without forming at it any useful acquaintance .
but if you was to go to europe you 'd see a raft of 'em hopping around . ''
mr. wickham 's adieus were much more affectionate than his wife 's .
then he said : `` auntie , i wish i had n't done it .
where i assure you there are many amiable young women .
to mrs. jenkinson .
we never can get out of this awful place !
bad .
mr. bingley .
so the news had spread .
and also received with indifference the added cruelty of a command to remain two hours after school should be dismissed .
and live to see her take my place in it ! ''
poor huck was too distressed to smile .
tom said he could furnish it , and he did .
'long about midnight when somebody that was wicked has been buried .
her complexion has no brilliancy .
stood in too much awe of him to speak with the familiarity which bingley 's good humour encouraged .
`` hyro .
`` money .
who entered with an air more stately than usual .
its windows opening to the ground .
did n't expect any company . ''
it was suspected by her father that she submitted to the change without much reluctance .
and a small , vague form went over the fence and shot away in the gloom .
the first part of mrs. gardiner 's business on her arrival .
frequently meet .
a vagrant current or a slight rise in the river had carried off their raft .
on the fire after he is caught the better he is .
`` yes i can . ''
anybody would suspicion us that saw us . ''
denominated from that period lucas lodge .
i reckon she 'll be proud she snaked me in out of the wet . ''
they met several times , for there was much to be discussed .
upon my honour .
now asked her if charlotte lucas had been at longbourn since her coming away .
you wo n't tell , will you , joe ? ''
which was more than either the gentleman or lady concerned in it deserved .
but she is perfectly amiable .
but then he hai n't ever done anything to hurt anybody .
`` he is indeed .
a brown spotted lady-bug climbed the dizzy height of a grass blade .
`` who ? ''
hastily exclaimed , `` i beg your pardon , but i must leave you .
her own thoughts were employing her .
but there are very few of us who have heart enough to be really in love without encouragement .
he was struggling for the appearance of composure .
balls will be absolutely prohibited , unless you stand up with one of your sisters .
but her commendation .
with great satisfaction .
i do n't know . ''
`` but , my dear , your father can not spare the horses , i am sure .
`` i comfort myself with thinking .
next they wanted to look upstairs .
`` ah !
on entering the room , he seemed to hesitate .
`` yes 'm . ''
and will you give yourself the trouble of carrying similar assurances to his creditors in meryton .
the rapture of lydia on this occasion .
was not wholly without hope that darcy might yet be prevailed on to make his fortune .
and that he had seen and talked with them both , wickham repeatedly , lydia once .
astonishment , apprehension , and even horror , oppressed her .
and her alarms being now removed .
had elizabeth been at leisure to be idle .
so they went tiptoeing stealthily down , the one behind the other .
nor to his leaving his parish occasionally for a week or two , to visit his relations .
i have not been at all able to account for the honour of seeing you here . ''
mrs. reynolds informed them , that it had been taken in his father 's life time .
what shall i call it ?
seen any thing that betrayed him to be unprincipled or unjust .
said he : `` tom , you let him alone . ''
and when at length they turned in at the lodge , her spirits were in a high flutter .
who has neither manner nor sense to recommend him .
a whole hour drifted by .
but there was a mixture of sweetness and archness in her
is a most insolent thing indeed , and i wonder how he could presume to do it .
glory was sufficient .
pay his respects to his friends in hertfordshire before he left the country .
the point was well taken .
adieu .
the distinction had perhaps been felt too strongly .
and you may assure yourself that no ungenerous reproach shall ever pass my lips when we are married . ''
he must go somewhere .
`` it would have been something if you'd cared enough to think of it .
miss lucas called soon after breakfast .
fatigued by the exercise of the morning .
seemed to have fixed them on her more , and more cheerfully .
elizabeth was determined to make no effort for conversation with a woman .
then they waited in silence for what seemed a long time .
`` oh , yes ! .
and that she could not speak a word , especially to miss darcy , without calling her attention .
tom hurried up .
another tedious wait at the spring and another long sleep brought changes .
rather admiring their own boldness , and wondering at it , too .
with a stronger voice she soon added .
that my uncle philips talks of turning away richard , and if he does , colonel forster will hire him .
to find out the extent of his assistance , and to discharge the obligation as soon as he could .
`` oh , child , you never think .
scattered around , you know , in a kind of a general way .
let 's snake it out .
'' he replied .
and his prospects of future wealth were exceedingly fair .
as a secret , but i reckon it 's not much of a secret now .
the officer was the very mr. denny .
why any fear of detection ?
tom , what 's the matter with you ? ''
i am perfectly serious in my refusal.. you could not make me happy .
when you first read that letter .
the moon drifted from behind the clouds and exposed the pallid face .
there will be very good room for one of you .
he so worked upon his feelings with the pathos of these dreams .
now and then .
`` i do too , tom .
mary had neither genius nor taste .
aunt polly had family worship : it began with a prayer
listened .
oh , it 's so hard !
`` oh no , joe , you 'll feel better by and by , '' said tom .
and spent the rest of the evening in walking about the room .
and how much exercise to take .
and their aunt promised to make her husband call on mr. wickham .
quick , let me in ! ''
after pausing on this point a considerable while , she once more continued to read .
moreover .
and then he remembered hearing the doctor tell about a certain thing that laid up
who having .
she walked here on wednesday morning to condole with us .
then he added : `` poor old chap , you 're white and jaded .
for her jealousy and dislike of one sister much exceeded her affection for the other .
'' he replied , `` it has been the work of many generations . ''
as if he had discovered something of interest going on in that direction .
began to enjoy the diversion .
and by the middle of june kitty was so much recovered as to be able to enter meryton without tears .
just as men's misfortunes are forgotten in the excitement of new enterprises .
scarcely fluttered the public pulse , tremendous as the fact was .
`` i see what you are feeling , '' replied charlotte , .
a bit of a scare shot through tom .
mr .
she could see him instantly before her , in every charm of air and address .
of which she has had such bright dreams .
there was a considerable pause , while the boys canvassed this matter inwardly .
`` but i dare say kitty is forwarder than either of us .
and so .
it must be an amusing study . ''
the widow , too , for all she tries to let on she do n't .
my aunt 's intelligence had given me hope , and i was determined at once to know every thing . ''
it was evident that he was very much in love with her .
sid wanted to do it , and she would n't let sid .
and hoping the church would be his profession , intended to provide for him in it .
but when the shadows of night closed them in .
with the wind whispering through the trees and caressing the grass and the flowers over the grave .
the judge said : `` well .
but that bid for glory was a failure .
`` well , so 'd i. but i 'd like to see him , anyway .
the eldest miss bennet beyond a doubt , there can not be two opinions on that point . ''
in truth .
jane .
but i have n't got anything now to remember him by . ''
and they did .
and the theatrical gorgeousness of the thing appealed strongly to his nature .
could only serve , after what had since passed , to provoke her .
because i knew that his conduct had not been always quite right .
while in town , for the recovery of his daughter .
they had frequently been staying with her in town .
which had been spoken so loud as to be heard by half the room.. many stared.. many smiled .
and that he might go down .
lady catherine 's unjustifiable endeavours to separate us , were the means of removing all my doubts .
when hearing her brother mentioning a ball to miss bennet .
and every inducement heightened .
for though dilatory in undertaking business , he was quick in its execution .
after general assurances of his affection for her and all her family .
the trunks were fastened on , the parcels placed within , and it was pronounced to be ready .
and who was entirely engaged in listening to what she said .
and that if it were .
`` well , so we did .
i could have a thousand of 'em if i wanted to . ''
there is no telling what might have happened .
what !
she buried her face in his bosom .
blessed are the poor in spirit , for they .
and secure of her relations' consent , there was still something to be wished for .
and , according to the present plan , were to go no farther northward than derbyshire .
with many tumblings and bruises , to the shelter of a great oak that stood upon the riverbank .
but that is one great difference between us .
`` i am quite sorry .
when christ was crucified .
`` yes , you do , tom .
and that friendship between a person capable of it .
becuz when they mumble they 're saying the lord 's prayer backards . ''
adding , that it would be the most shameful thing in the world if he did not keep it .
in a moment they were all out of the chaise , rejoicing at the sight of each other .
but joe 's spirits had gone down almost beyond resurrection .
or else to have something of interest to do to pass the dreary time .
who paused an impressive moment .
she says lizzy had better have taken mr. collins .
and asked elizabeth whether she could at all understand him ?
she then read the first sentence aloud .
and not run hastily into a marriage which has not been properly sanctioned . ''
at last he was satisfied that time had ceased and eternity begun .
short pause he allowed in any attempt to stop him farther .
and without any intention of coming back again .
but it has been the study of my life to avoid
and there would be nothing so good in the world as to see that pet model `` catch it . ''
especially of elizabeth , that for some time all intercourse was at an end .
mrs. bennet , who fancied she had gained a complete victory over him , continued her triumph .
but whatever she felt she was desirous of concealing .
of which her daughter sat in momentary dread .
whilst the terrific lightning revelled in angry mood through the cloudy chambers of heaven .
`` i should like to know how he behaves among strangers . ''
but i am willing to hope the best , and that his character has been misunderstood .
the period which passed in the drawing-room .
but as a rational creature speaking the truth from her heart . ''
were up the hill , and just entering the sumach path on tiptoe , their weapons in their hands .
that she still was occasionally nervous and invariably silly .
when the card tables were placed .
but this idea was soon banished .
what do you want to slope for ? ''
`` why , it 's ha'nted with whiskey !
i can not acquit him of that duty .
`` oh , may i come ? ''
`` so , lizzy , '' said he one day , '' your sister is crossed in love i find .
running hither and thither with his arms full of books and making
they presently separated to meet at a lonely spot on the
for as to mr. darcy 's using him ill , it is perfectly false .
and so rich , and living but three miles from them , were the first points of self-gratulation .
she did injustice to the fire and independence of his character .
her brother 's recommendation was enough to ensure her favour : his judgment could not err .
for on great occasions .
and always coming to school or when we 're going home .
huck accompanied them no further .
and yet it should seem by her manner of talking .
and got under way at once .
and .
not generally .
no , ben , now do n't .
he wisely resolved to be particularly careful that no sign of admiration should now escape him .
some distinguished trait of integrity or benevolence , that might rescue him from the attacks of mr. darcy .
he had to learn his book , he had to go to church .
presently a dog set up a long , lugubrious howl just outside .
which a just sense of shame would not conceal .
he wore a stiff standing-collar whose upper edge almost reached his ears
`` his misfortunes ! ''
`` you wo n't tell anybody at all ?
of exposing one to the censure of the world for caprice and instability .
their parties abroad were less varied than before .
moreover .
i told him .
thank heaven !
i thought i should have died .
`` it will then be early enough for expectation . ''
there was too much to be thought .
she would have felt almost sure of success if he had not been to leave hertfordshire so very soon .
the beetle went floundering into the aisle and lit on its back .
but who could have foreseen such an attention as this ?
`` you are all kindness , madam .
`` there is a gentleman with him , mamma , '' said kitty .
a doubt of his being present had never occurred to her .
the widow said to herself : `` there .
wickham indeed had gone to her .
that speck of daylight and would not have explored that passage any more !
miss bennet .
that is it .
that he never had any design of engaging my affection .
since reading jane 's second letter , had she entertained a hope of wickham 's meaning to marry her .
said aunt polly , her face lighting wistfully .
`` not yet , '' replied jane .
each lad had an income , now , that was simply prodigious .
as well as some others .
it 's an awful snug place for orgies . ''
had she found jane in any apparent danger , mrs. bennet would have been very miserable .
who attended , in the absence of her daughters .
in darcy 's presence she dared not mention wickham 's name .
what can he mean by being so tiresome as to be always coming here ?
and was not without the expectation of his decamping as fast as he could from such disgraceful companions .
he scratched it out , and was angry with himself for his weakness .
by its repeated discussion , no other could detain them from it long , during the whole of the journey .
she ventured to engage for her attendance , and the day after the next was fixed on .
go 'long and shut it , sid . ''
`` everybody ? ''
and tom 's not more moderate .
a little , on thursday , was downtown friday , and nearly as whole as ever saturday .
if we keep perfectly still , maybe they wo n't notice us at all . ''
but only run off . ''
`` has she been presented ?
and his spirits so greatly discomposed , that i had difficulty in finding out even so much as this . ''
't was bound to come , and it did come !
if you had been in huck 's place you 'd ' a
it is a great comfort to have you so rich .
i will , by jingoes ! ''
when mr. hurst called them to order , with bitter complaints of their inattention to what was going forward .
and at that moment .
`` yes .
`` now i know you 'll tell me , '' said the lady .
it would have been music to his soul to hear the whisperings : `` look at him , jim !
there was only one thing wanting to make mr. walters ' ecstasy complete .
for to acknowledge the substance of their conversation was impossible .
when i solicit for the honour of a private audience with her in the course of this morning ? ''
elizabeth longed to explore its windings .
for a little while , hope made a show of reviving .
.
when he might have obtained my affections and hand , i shall soon cease to regret him at all . ''
i grieve to find , however , that colonel f. is not disposed to depend upon their marriage .
`` now , auntie , you know i do care for you , '' said tom .
`` it is wonderful , '' .
if there is no other objection to my marrying your nephew .
`` but perhaps he may be a little whimsical in his civilities , '' replied her uncle .
he left the presence too miserable to even feel revengeful toward sid .
all that his library afforded .
he got it out , rumpled and wilted , and it mightily increased his dismal felicity .
why , he 'd keel over just with two draws .
'' said huck , presently , coming back to the main question , `` whoever nipped the whiskey in no .
`` really , mr. collins , '' cried elizabeth with some warmth , `` you puzzle me exceedingly .
elizabeth was exceedingly pleased with this proposal , and felt persuaded of her sister 's ready acquiescence .
and to the great surprise of all the party , when mr. collins returned the gentlemen accompanied him .
you thought the waiter must not hear , as if he cared !
then nothing but liquor had been found .
if 't was mine i would n't hide it .
jane was not happy .
you will easily comprehend .
among those who are at all his equals in consequence .
did n't you let me go for a pirate ? ''
in which the three young ladies set out together from gracechurch-street , for the town of .
the two ladies in front .
and the spaniard swear he'd spile her looks just as i told you and your two. ``
and yet i believe it would be too much for me .
many circumstances might make it more eligible for them to be
and unavailing regrets and remorse were being indulged .
let her sweat it out ! ''
now and then they came upon snug nooks carpeted with grass and jeweled with flowers .
and presently the sail tore loose from its fastenings and went winging away on the blast .
it would be much better to wait till jane was well .
it is a pity they are not handsome !
i ai n't used to it .
could he have colonel fitzwilliam in his thoughts ?
look at pap and my mother .
that there is something new to be observed in them for ever . ''
while she added .
and she is the more anxious to get miss darcy for her brother .
when they sat down to supper .
during the first half-hour a procession of villagers filed through judge thatcher 's house .
away out at the mouth of the cave .
it was all over before i arrived .
`` oh , will you ?
by knowing that his mother and aunt wished him to marry miss de bourgh .
`` have the initiation . ''
whatever bears affinity to cunning is despicable . ''
tom still hung fire .
`` hey , huck ! .
they began to tell their adventures to hungry listeners .
might have thought of that before .
and taking her hand .
.
my dear mr. bennet , '' cried his wife , `` what are you talking of ?
i must find mr. gardiner this moment , on business that can not be delayed .
but the widow 's been good friends to me sometimes , and i want to tell .
the widow burst into tears .
the villagers had a strong desire to tar-and-feather injun joe and ride him on a rail .
it was not without an effort meanwhile that she could wait even for longbourn .
fatigued as she had been by the morning 's walk .
they are gone off together from brighton .
is her husband , is the son of his late father 's steward , to be his brother ?
oh !
and in this early example of what lydia 's infamy must produce .
miss darcy , though with a diffidence which marked her little in the habit of giving invitations , readily obeyed .
tom felt more comfortable .
'' '' hunsford , '' and `` lady catherine de bourgh . `` .
or to refrain from saying , in a tone of gentleness and commiseration , '' let me call your maid .
`` i am not one and twenty . ''
which i thought as good .
i reckon mr. jones was going to make a grand time over his surprise .
she bent timidly around till her breath stirred his curls and whispered , `` i. love .
but i shall not scruple to assert .
tom took silence for consent .
that 's the only way i account for it .
`` she is happy , then , '' said her father , drily .
after assuring them that he bore his young cousin no ill will .
tom 's excitement enabled him to keep awake until a pretty late hour .
i 've got a brother that 's bigger than he is .
she answered him with cold civility .
nothing but love , flirtation , and officers , have been in her head .
whose eye she feared to meet .
maybe .
i am sure you must feel it so . ''
she is all affability and condescension .
to say for themselves.. we have tried two or three subjects already without success .
`` religion in history '' .
poor lads !
and was in conversation with her .
and i could then perceive that his partiality for miss bennet was beyond what i had ever witnessed in him .
after walking some time in this way .
a spool cannon .
whichever it might be , where mr. darcy then was .
and though .
and when you have given your ball .
she now saw the object of open pleasantry .
we'll stay , wo n't we , huck ?
i did n't see anything but a bottle and a tin cup on the floor by injun joe .
lifting two-thirds of his body into the air from time to time and `` sniffing around .
but not long was the interval of tranquillity .
you shewed me how insufficient were all my pretensions to please a woman worthy of being pleased . ''
i can not do justice to his kindness .
`` but why should you wish to persuade me that i feel more than i acknowledge ? ''
he did not want to pity her , and yet it was all he could do to help it .
and it was now some weeks since they had received pleasure
the subject which had been so warmly canvassed between their parents .
mr. collins then returned to elizabeth .
what say you , mary ?
and think only of what will make me happy .
she saw her in idea settled in that very house in
from jane to bingley .
that 's mostly the way . ''
they took their lath swords .
they were all of them warm in their admiration .
there was silence while one might count ten .
what was it ? ''
the children became silent and thoughtful .
the boy ran around and stopped within a foot or two of the flower .
the discussion of mr. collins 's offer was now nearly at an end .
now .
whether her master were really absent , but had not courage for it .
how thankful am i , that we never let them know what has been said against him .
in it lay a marble .
i know how much you dislike him . ''
`` do you remember this ? ''
`` kill ?
for on the very morning after their own arrival at lambton , these visitors came .
but the post came in without bringing a single line from him .
we will leave them to smoke and chatter and brag .
`` but she does help him on , as much as her nature will allow .
`` but i can not imagine that her ladyship would at all disapprove of you .
but that he could not be found .
two girls of six and eight years old .
and that one thousand pounds in the 4 per cents .
tom knew their ways and the danger of this sort of conduct .
nor could she for many hours , learn to think of it less than incessantly .
but his answers were at the same time so vague and equivocal .
gloomy-browed .
`` if the gouldings would quit it , or the great house at stoke , if the drawing-room were larger .
the tale was long , but brimful of interest .
`` what is there of good to be expected ? ''
`` do n't tom !
crying that tom was appalled with the idea that she might die .
`` oh !
then lay it wearily down again with a moan .
a most delightful place ! .
her voice was weak , and her manner affected.. elizabeth was in agonies .
now these clothes suits me .
the village betook itself to its slumbers and left the small watcher alone with the silence and the ghosts .
i do not know who is good enough for him . ''
of whose rectitude and delicacy she was sure her opinion could never be shaken .
pride he probably had .
what for ? ''
but even this partial communication gave her a great deal of concern .
darcy said nothing at all .
determined .
since jane was sixteen .
three seconds .
my feelings in every respect forbid it .
i think she will be pleased with the hermitage . ''
you say you can do it . ''
but it was not in her power to give any information of so satisfactory a nature .
`` miss bingley , '' said he , `` has given me credit for more than can be .
on being settled at home , at leisure to observe the real state of her sister 's spirits .
i am much mistaken if there are not some among us to
and passing a remark about the morrow 's prospects and possibilities there .
and seemed to grow more and more tired and worn , all the time .
it was deep , and dark , and awful .
in your present distress .
`` i know it , '' said injun joe .
`` that 's gay .
and perhaps a little relief from home , may be as useful as anything . ''
by a western lady '' .
the boys bent their heads together and scarcely breathed .
after a week spent in professions of love and schemes of felicity .
you shall hear what she says . ''
by the apprehension of its containing any repetition of those sentiments .
said he had heard much of their beauty .
he can have nothing to say to me that any body need not hear .
he was too happy , however , to need much attention .
this time . ''
said huck .
on both sides it was only assertion .
and he is at a time of life when friends and engagements are continually increasing . ''
though in so breathless an accent as made her almost unintelligible .
his shirt collar was securely sewed .
had she been the culprit , was wretched in the thought of what her sister must endure .
the humiliation , the misery , she was bringing on them all , soon swallowed up every private care .
seized the heavy headboard of williams ' grave and felled potter to the earth with it .
she could not think of darcy 's leaving kent , without remembering that his cousin was to go with him .
and so his mind was at rest and exceedingly comfortable .
possibly , for he was not much posted in anatomy , and not hypercritical , anyway .
mr. bingley .
of studying the law .
`` doodle-bug , doodle-bug , tell me what i want to know !
as she quitted the room .
that will be nice .
might be concluded in three or four days .
i 'm a laying up sin and suffering for us both , i know .
but elizabeth felt an anxiety on the subject which drew off her attention even from wickham .
in order to employ his tortured faculties .
and when a little trifle of new matter was interlarded .
if he had been satan himself there would have been plenty
`` well , it just is .
we are not rich enough , or grand enough for them .
`` i have , sir . ''
fatal to meddle with the property of such a power as that .
and so that helps the blood to draw the wart , and pretty soon off she comes . ''
`` mrs. annesley is with her .
for the young people were as subdued and still as people usually are who are nearly tired to death .
miss darcy was tall , and on a larger scale than elizabeth .
`` i did not know before , '' continued bingley immediately , `` that you were a studier of character .
but becky did not leave her room until sunday .
in looking back to what they had feared .
and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects
the longbourn party were the last of all the company to depart .
elizabeth could not refuse , though she foresaw little pleasure in the visit .
because it began another week 's slow suffering in school .
said tom .
`` if he does not come to me .
but that sort of conduct is to the world 's credit .
though he assured her again of his earnest endeavours in the cause .
and as elizabeth saw no occasion for making it a general concern .
`` there is nothing the matter with me .
hartford , 1876 .
for jealousy had not yet made her desperate , and her attentions to mr. darcy were by no means over .
with tom after her .
and from all the others when they sat down to table .
but they soon grew feeble , and presently died wholly away .
ting-a-ling-ling ! ''
but she was seated between charlotte and miss de bourgh .
and i do not suppose there is the least chance in the world of her ever getting him now .
that it was not in the least necessary there should be any notice on either side .
miss bingley saw , or suspected enough to be jealous .
`` our habits of expence make us too dependant .
therefore .
surprise was the least of her feelings on this developement .
i heard something about it .
a brainracking effort was made to squirm it into some aspect or
there 's footprints and some candle-grease on the clay about one side of this rock .
huck said : `` do they always bury it as deep as this ? ''
the river .
never had his wit been directed in a manner so little agreeable to her .
the spirit of adventure rose in the boys ' souls once more .
this comes of playing hookey and doing everything a feller 's told not to do .
away off in the flaming sunshine .
written quite through .
`` let me first see how he behaves , '' said she .
my love , i want to speak to you , '' took her out of the room .
on such encouragement to ask , elizabeth was forced to put it out of her power , by running away .
i reckon i was right to think of fetching the little bags along . ''
`` but consider your daughters .
`` if we are ever able to learn what wickham 's debts have been .
i do not wish to avoid the walk .
for the village itself .
i tried two of the keys , just as soft as i could .
with fine fury and frantic gesticulation , and broke down in the middle of it .
`` i see your design .
she expressed her gratitude again .
they will never be distressed for money .
it told them .
tom said : `` oh , please , auntie , do n't pull it out .
no doubt understood that these orders were given only for '' style .
but when they had crossed the bridge .
by eating a family dinner with them at any time , without the ceremony of a formal invitation .
but whatever she said .
`` when i wrote that letter .
and offer to introduce him to any young lady in the room .
tom kissed her .
and she had something to say to him before he had advanced many steps .
here she was interrupted again .
miss bennet accepted her aunt 's invitation with pleasure .
if the words had been lightning they could not have leaped
and so i let down the side glass next to him .
if sid really managed to make anything out of tom 's disjointed mutterings , he kept it to himself .
there was a gentleman at my brother gardiner 's in town .
a great many changes have happened in the neighbourhood , since you went away .
and elizabeth saw much to be pleased with .
the observations of her uncle and aunt now began .
and said , `` sir william 's interruption has made me forget what we were talking of . ''
to whom she had never yet had courage to shew mrs. gardiner 's letter .
he was declared to be in debt to every tradesman in the place .
he handed in his resignation at once .
i am sure .
added elizabeth .
not these two or three years perhaps . ''
because .
you 'd have to do that if you was a hermit . ''
the small colored boy , saw next-day 's wood and split the kindlings before supper .
one has got all the goodness , and the other all the appearance of it . ''
if a woman conceals her affection with the same skill from the object of it .
`` and quite alone ?
however .
he went on listening .
the truth is always respectable .
of giving up the house , but not with any certainty .
kitty is slight and delicate .
georgiana had the highest opinion in the world of elizabeth .
but his excessive distress will not allow him to pursue any measure in the best and safest way .
her daughters , alarmed , anxious , uneasy .
monday morning , aunt polly and mary were very loving to tom , and very attentive to his wants .
stumbling over roots and among vines in the dark , no two plunging in the same direction .
as soon as he could .
with a vindictive cast in her eye .
he is shaking hands with him !
better look out who you 're fooling with next time . ''
continued to express her admiration of captain carter .
`` hurry , men ! ''
there was no voice of rebuke .
the while .
which led by a short gravel walk to the house , amidst the nods and smiles of the whole party .
and it is believed that she and her cousin will unite the two estates . ''
`` a man in distressed circumstances has not time for all those elegant decorums which other people may observe .
the dreadful secret of the murder was a chronic misery .
then she seized the chunk of fire and suddenly thrust it almost into the boy 's face .
at this dark and hopeless moment an inspiration burst upon him !
the brush continued to move .
and when the worm approached him .
`` he must be an oddity , i think , '' said she .
for he had a troublesome superabundance of that sort of time which is not money .
at least .
should be distressing him by her choice .
and composure in bearing with her husband , and to acknowledge that it was all done very well .
that selfishness is prudence , and insensibility of danger , security for happiness . ''
i thought too ill of him , to invite him to pemberley , or admit his society in town .
the introduction was followed up on his side by a happy readiness of conversation .
and though he begged leave to be positive as to the truth of his information .
their powers of conversation were considerable .
you may depend upon my seeking no further . ''
`` no , no , nonsense , lizzy.. i desire you will stay where you are . `` .
so the boy halted , wondering what he could have done .
air which proved him wholly unmoved by any feeling of remorse .
without having a wish beyond it .
elizabeth .
and then they all went under in a tangle of white legs and arms and came up blowing .
and i shall begin directly by asking you what made you so unwilling to come to the point at last .
when it came to the point .
colonel fitzwilliam seemed really glad to see them .
`` well , that 's all right , then .
`` you can be at no loss , miss bennet , to understand the reason of my journey hither .
and it affected them in no other way than as a piece of news to spread at meryton .
but you need n't tell that .
the rector of a parish has much to do.. in the first place .
mrs. bennet had designed to keep the two netherfield gentlemen to supper .
tom and joe harper got up a band of performers and were happy for two days .
at last he said : `` is it genuwyne ? ''
she sat intently at work .
but since it was tom , she watched the bottle clandestinely .
of no importance in the world , and wholly unallied to the family !
but only because her husband 's regiment happens to be so far off .
for mr. collins would undoubtedly have been much less in his own apartment .
and as soon as nicholls has made white soup enough i shall send round my cards . ''
the business was therefore soon settled .
what made you so shy of me , when you first called , and afterwards dined here ?
for mrs. bennet .
it was my brother gardiner 's drawing up too .
while settling this point .
1813 .
if .
all connection between us seemed now dissolved .
`` it is more than i engage for , i assure you . ''
lydia came to us .
tom got more cuffs and kisses that day .
indeed he has no improper pride .
the boy protested that she should not .
at last he spied her , but there was a sudden falling of his mercury .
and i am sure she could not have bestowed her kindness on a more grateful object . ''
cried elizabeth .
`` quick !
therefore .
i had supposed him to be despising his fellow-creatures in general .
thoughtless and indiscreet i can easily believe him .
`` and kill them ? ''
and when it drove off , elizabeth saw him walking slowly towards the house .
and she was in no humour to indulge him .
ten .
there is not a finer county in england than derbyshire . ''
was now near enough to see her , and stepping forward with eagerness , pronounced her name .
'' cried her husband impatiently , '' he would not have danced half so much !
`` so do i . ''
what 'll we do ? ''
alike sensible that no time was to be lost in detaching their brother .
he reached his hand in and drew it out .
`` but it's powerful seldom you 're a mind to , i 'm bound to say .
as she will think it an act of kindness .
not because he would not a thousand times rather go anywhere else .
for while he was present , jane had no attention to bestow on any one else .
till this moment , i never knew myself . ''
upper row of teeth enabled him to expectorate in a new and admirable way .
'' replied mr. collins .
and when at last kitty did , she very innocently said , `` what is the matter mamma ?
from his wife , the longbourn family heard that the collinses were come themselves to lucas lodge .
`` i did not think caroline in spirits .
a. they that shall mourn , for they shall .
and when i am in town it is pretty much the same .
i may reasonably hope to have all my expectations of pleasure realized .
`` i was never more surprised than by his behaviour to us .
cooked supper and ate it .
but his companion was not disposed to make any .
partiality which made any admiration of elizabeth appear perfectly natural .
he smiled , looked handsome , and said many pretty things .
`` oh , yes ! .
tom considered , was about to consent .
glancing in at a window behind him at the moment .
for she had a lively , playful disposition , which delighted in any thing ridiculous .
elizabeth read on .
gave her a keener sense of her sister 's sufferings .
`` why , at that rate , you will have been here only six weeks .
the sport grew in interest momently .
for it is provoking me to retaliate .
she mentioned this to her friend miss lucas .
tom lifted up a glorious shout , and instantly that hand was followed by the body it belonged to .
`` and if i were to see you at it i should take away your bottle directly . ''
that even bingley 's good humour was overcome .
there was good humour and kindness.. mr. darcy said very little , and mr. hurst nothing at all .
`` my dear , dear lizzy , i would .
[ he privately smoothed out the curls .
the improvement of spending a night in london was added in time .
it 's some kind of a bow , of course .
and elizabeth thought with pleasure of dancing a great deal with mr. wickham .
tom 's mouth watered for the apple , but he stuck to his work .
but every five minutes seemed to be giving her more of his attention .
`` why , huck , i never told on that tavern-keeper .
the reader may rest satisfied that tom 's and huck 's windfall
the feelings of the person who wrote .
it is because he will not give himself the trouble . ''
from something that he told me in our journey hither .
a couple of sun-perch and a small catfish .
who said .
come quick ! ''
the population massed itself and moved toward the river .
'' answered he gravely , `` that report may vary greatly with respect to me .
`` thomas sawyer , where were you on the seventeenth of june , about the hour of midnight ? ''
you know i have .
and that his feelings were not of a sort to be
`` yes , madam , '' said mrs. bennet , delighted to speak to a lady catherine .
`` i reckon so .
it is impossible that every moment should be employed in conversing together .
a good .
it was very hard , but it was forced on him .
of travelling and staying at home .
towards him i have been kinder than towards myself . ''
yes , she 's awful particular about this fence .
it 's him !
`` they done that last summer , when bill turner got drownded .
demanding their congratulations .
`` they 're coming !
the master sat nodding in his throne , the air was drowsy with the hum of study .
a most convenient distance for the young ladies .
and on these grounds i flatter myself that my present overtures of good-will are highly commendable .
that human nature is particularly prone to it .
he hung his head and could not think of anything to say for a moment .
and the slender thread of a neck was exposed to view .
steadfast gaze .
`` and they are really to be married ! ''
the idea of being a clown recurred to him now , only to fill him with disgust .
mr. darcy gave him a voluntary promise of providing for me .
`` look !
`` yes .
i 'll go the other way and come it over 'em the same way . ''
`` why , that 's awful .
but she did not know of any prepossession.. her eldest daughter , she must just mention .
tom .
the sperrit was upon you !
or satisfy the appetite and pride of one who had ten thousand a-year .
and the sense of loneliness , began to tell upon the spirits of the boys .
and affording her their personal protection and countenance .
with every thing the heart of mortal can most desire , .
she would not even wish for any renewal of his attentions .
`` if my children are silly i must hope to be always sensible of it . ''
before we proceed on this subject .
and her sister justified by the receipt of two letters from her at once .
that he had to keep swallowing , he was so like to choke .
elizabeth .
tom heaved a great sigh as she put her foot on the threshold .
his crime-rusted cutlass at his side .
her repining was over .
`` oh , never mind who it was .
i do n't know .
sure enough .
he sat up and rubbed his eyes and looked around .
sid said : `` tom !
and she was right .
and he had not dug four inches before he struck wood .
they said they would rather be outlaws a year in sherwood forest than president of the united states forever .
then a guarded voice said : `` who goes there ? ''
if not with equal regard.. but bingley has great natural modesty .
`` you must not be too severe upon yourself , '' replied elizabeth .
a moment later the church door creaked .
he was gone half an hour .
seeming to scorn the power exerted over its terror by the illustrious franklin !
it was white with terror ] .
and he could take his yew bow and plug a ten-cent piece every time .
the judge and some friends set tom to talking .
this shot seemed to carry home .
as to his real character .
but it pleased her .
sensible that any attempt to reason with or sooth her would only increase the irritation .
mr. collins was carefully instructing them in what they were to expect .
elizabeth awoke the next morning to the same thoughts and meditations which had at length closed her eyes .
she was less handsome than her brother .
to assure him how happy he would make them .
`` that 's it , '' said he .
anne would have been a delightful performer , had her health allowed her to learn . ''
to any other young woman in the country.. but it was not till the evening of the dance at netherfield that
but i do n't want to be a king and have only just a given name , like a nigger .
but when her mother was gone .
with all his solemn composure .
he only thought of the conspicuousness of the principal character before the on-looking nations .
elizabeth longed to observe that mr. bingley had been a most delightful friend .
and the other , that she herself had been barbarously used by them all .
your coming just at this time is the greatest of comforts .
or being bold enough to come without it .
clung to it .
the very last evening was spent there .
`` rebecca thatcher '' [ tom glanced at her face .
she was still standing back there in the corner , sobbing , with her face to the wall .
`` i 'll try , but do n't you be afeard .
maybe that whack done for him ! ''
at a time when the expectation of one wedding .
darcy made no answer .
or say half that remained to be said , for the present .
the absolute fact of his absence was pronounced by his friend mr. denny .
could he know that the proposals which she had proudly spurned only four months ago .
'' added charlotte , `` and i hope you will consent to be of the party .
in the explanation of them which is due to myself .
and send food . ''
a suitableness which comprehended health and temper to bear inconveniences .
when you going to start the gang and turn robbers ? ''
jane and elizabeth attempted to explain to her the nature of an entail .
had we told what we knew of him , this could not have happened ! ''
i should be almost tempted to say , that there is a strong appearance of duplicity in all this .
she 'll let anybody come that i want , and i want you . ''
very , very great many .
because white men do n't take that sort of revenge .
that 's part of it .
`` oh , well !
`` yes , she did . ''
snatched a boy 's cap .
we got to give this one up .
which .
`` never mind .
hai n't you ever seen one , huck ? ''
she could .
i did for you .
and even mr. darcy acknowledged , that the partridges were remarkably well done .
to begin the acquaintance.. mr. collins listened to her with the determined air of following his own inclination .
lord , how ashamed i should be of not being married before three and twenty !
shortly , which stretched its dim length away until its shape was lost in the shadows .
who talked of his coming with the greatest satisfaction .
how amazed we all were to find that she was a reputed beauty .
or at least .
perhaps i am not doing her justice .
it seemed that the list would stretch out to the crack of doom .
but her knees trembled under her .
the village went to its rest on tuesday night , sad and forlorn .
for they had stood in the vestibule sucking their cane-heads .
that 's what we got to do .
that among his own connections he was esteemed and valued .
`` i am almost afraid of asking what you thought of me .
smelt at it from a safe distance .
and she hit his hand a smart rap , but reddened and looked pleased , nevertheless .
enumerating all the dishes at supper .
that she can not expect to excel , if she does not practise a great deal . ''
and at the same time dreaded to be just .
it remains to be told why my views were directed to longbourn instead of my own neighbourhood .
`` kiss ?
and was certain of a willing listener in jane , whenever she might wish to talk again of either .
mr. wickham 's chief object was unquestionably my sister 's fortune , which is thirty thousand pounds .
`` and mrs. harper told about joe scaring her with a firecracker .
you must contrive to send somebody .
but before she had been three minutes in her own room , her mother followed her .
however .
there was a slight noise behind her and she turned just in time to
`` do you not think it would be a proper compliment to the place ? ''
`` well , i 've been pretty much so , too , huck .
repeated elizabeth , in utter amazement .
bingley instantly prevailed on miss bennet to avoid the confinement of such an intrusion .
said jane .
lady catherine had been rendered so exceedingly angry by the contents of her nephew 's letter .
`` well , then , becky , we must stay here , where there 's water to drink .
for even the gravest sentiments were constantly being received with a smothered burst of unholy mirth .
no sentiment of shame gave a damp to her triumph .
there are wealthy gentlemen in england who drive four-horse passenger-coaches twenty or thirty miles on a daily line .
so she began to turn the leaves .
`` no , indeed .
it being strictly a history of a boy , it must stop here .
to stare at the stile .
for every body 's sake , that she may feel something like regard and esteem for our cousin . ''
a perfectly bald and shiny head .
and to banish from her thoughts that continual breach of conjugal obligation and decorum which .
she saw there was less captivating softness in colonel fitzwilliam 's manners .
`` you will laugh when you know where i am gone .
`` yes .
`` ship up to back !
one he rolled up and put in his jacket pocket .
for a bat struck becky 's light out with its wing while she was passing out of the cavern .
we will settle with your father about the money afterwards .
`` oh !
and immediately running into the other .
i do n't ever get enough to eat , gen'ally .
let us hope , therefore , that her being there may teach her her own insignificance .
but it is to the credit of his modesty . ''
the widder would n't let me smoke .
and jane .
for had i really experienced that pure and elevating passion .
tom hailed the romantic outcast : `` hello , huckleberry ! ''
that he is to take possession before michaelmas .
to longbourn .
mr. bennet saw that her whole heart was in the subject .
meryton .
they were able to love each other , even as well as they intended .
how any one could have the conscience to entail away an
she had no conversation , no style , no taste , no beauty .
they moved up the river street three blocks , then turned to the left up a crossstreet .
he is a very different man from what he is to the less prosperous .
with perfect indifference .
was likely to be hardened in all her folly and assurance .
she would have quitted the room .
`` do you talk by rule then , while you are dancing ? ''
though evidently and triumphantly believing there was no chance of it .
a scheme of which every part promises delight , can never be successful .
`` a man who had felt less , might . ''
she did conquer her father 's incredulity , and reconcile him to the match .
are the shades of pemberley to be thus polluted ? ''
who was leaning against the mantle-piece with his eyes fixed on her face .
`` i 'll give you all of it ! ''
did he wake up ? ''
i can not talk of books in a ball-room .
mrs. gardiner had seen pemberley , and known the late mr. darcy by character perfectly well .
therefore , and asked their father , whether he would not wish them to make it known to her .
directed their observation towards each with an earnest , though guarded , enquiry .
who should suffer but myself ?
then .
when she had listened to the description of only one of lady catherine 's drawing-rooms .
the preacher himself giving way to his feelings , and crying in the pulpit .
not twenty yards away , a human hand , holding a candle , appeared from behind a rock !
and left it alone a fortnight .
i am going to gretna green .
the happiest , wisest , most reasonable end ! ''
but only sidewise , in a circle .
i had narrowly observed her during the two visits which i had lately made her here .
to the event of an evening which had raised such splendid expectations .
flow from her bashful modesty and the genuine delicacy of her character .
and from the ignorance and emptiness of her mind .
but the gloom of lydia 's prospect was shortly cleared away .
that it is not safe to leave any to itself .
elizabeth .
and mr. collins seemed neither in need of encouragement , nor inclined to be silent himself .
he believed him to be imprudent and extravagant .
huck was always willing to take a hand in any enterprise that offered entertainment and required no capital .
to congratulate myself on the hope of relations , whose condition in life is so decidedly beneath my own ? ''
elizabeth .
`` i am far from attributing any part of mr. bingley 's conduct to design , '' said elizabeth .
which perhaps will be still better .
wait there till you hear from me .
oh !
elizabeth felt how improbable it was that they should ever see each other again
there was no longer any thing material to be dreaded .
and excepting a sore-throat and head-ache there is not much the matter with me .
she began to try all manner of remedies on him .
no end of strange things now .
half an hour later he was disappearing behind the douglas mansion on the summit of cardiff hill .
friend to be tolerably happy in the lot she had chosen .
tom turned in without the added vexation of prayers , and sid made mental note of the omission .
which has prevented her making that progress in many accomplishments , which she could not otherwise have failed of .
he instantly said : `` i stopped to talk with huckleberry finn ! ''
well .
why could not he keep on quarrelling with you , as his father did before him ? ''
you only just tell a boy you won't ever have anybody but him .
`` i did n't do it , friends , '' he sobbed .
hand of a singer who stands forward on the platform and sings a solo at a concert .
and within four hours of their leaving hunsford .
all the town was drifting toward the graveyard .
was much relieved by discerning such different feelings .
and said .
the thought of tom 's treatment of her when she was talking
till he wore it threadbare .
imprudence or thoughtlessness in money matters , would be unpardonable in me . ''
he could drink and swear , now .
my aunt told me so herself on saturday .
hopeless of seeing him before .
for by this time she was bending down and punching under the bed with the broom .
to return to school no more that day .
your mother insists upon your accepting it .
may be rendered ridiculous by a person whose first object in life is a joke . ''
`` agreed , and good as wheat ! ''
`` but it does not follow that the interruption must be unwelcome . ''
like elizabeth .
`` by a singular accident , that there is now in the room a near relation of my patroness .
it seemed to becky .
`` jeff thatcher !
then quite a group of boys and girls .
she could not be deceived as to his behaviour to miss darcy .
and sat down again to her work , with an eagerness which it did not often command .
and you ai n't ever to marry anybody but me , ever never and forever .
but we are all liable to error .
mrs. gardiner and the children were to remain in hertfordshire a few days longer .
no aunt .
and blustered about as if to enhance by their aid the wildness of the scene .
while elizabeth tried to unite civility and truth in a few short sentences .
in confirmation of this .
but i did n't think . ''
as to what restraint the apprehension of disgrace in the corps might throw on a dishonourable elopement with her .
my expressions during the whole of it .
after a song or two .
the colour rose into her cheeks .
why should n't they ?
by the practice of what might be called economy in her own private expences , she frequently sent them .
provisions enough for quite a family .
tom did not feel a strong interest in his studies .
or next his stomach .
brought back .
now he went back to his treasure-house and carefully placed himself just
and shook hands with such warmth , as left no doubt of his good information .
on that easiness of temper .
whether he was good .
`` oh , you bad thing ! ''
when elizabeth called out .
the present unhappy state of the family , rendered any other excuse for the lowness of her spirits unnecessary .
who was not a great walker .
but mrs. bennet was satisfied , and soon afterwards ordered her carriage .
the potent palm was uplifted to strike again when tom cried out : `` hold on .
`` not at all .
for such it might be considered .
you know that .
and what frame of mind to keep one 's self in .
`` joseph harper , did you ? ''
not knowing exactly what to do or where to hide from so many unwelcoming eyes .
and happy did she think it for bingley and her sister that some of the exhibition had escaped his notice .
`` no !
on the stairs were a troop of little boys and girls .
but the fugitives plunged into every new passage that offered , and at last got rid of the perilous things .
and the rest from the pride of her nephew .
he answered her in the same style , and the subject dropped .
was very fond of fishing .
yet time and her aunt moved slowly .
among them a lump of chalk .
`` well , here .
that an event to which she had looked forward with impatient desire .
lydia 's thoughtlessness first betrayed to me that you had been concerned in the matter .
heaps of times , '' said huck .
that she might be farther from the door .
repeated the operation .
darcy shook his head in silent acquiesence .
grass and weeds grew rank over the whole cemetery .
tom ! .
`` of course it does .
even finn the red-handed was dreaming of his doorsteps and empty hogsheads .
soon .
however .
a maid-servant 's discordant voice profaned the holy calm .
`` listen ! ''
`` huck , you just wait till we get in there .
i will read it to you .
you wanted me .
your reproof .
except that she had given somewhat of a trial to the latter method .
if they can be easy with an estate that is not lawfully their own , so much the better .
`` your ladyship has declared it to be impossible . ''
there .
lord .
and as i could easily perceive that his attachment to her was unabated .
she immediately felt that whatever desire miss darcy might have of being acquainted with her .
`` i leave it to yourself to determine , '' said mr. bennet .
with an attention which it had hardly received on the first perusal .
can you .
and she beheld a striking resemblance of mr. darcy .
she examined into their employments , looked at their work , and advised them to do it differently .
our distress , my dear lizzy , is very great .
whose negative might be uttered in such a manner as must be decisive .
but lord , we all do that .
that his anger could be carried to such a point of inconceivable resentment .
he began unfolding his secret .
and that night there came on a terrific storm .
thought elizabeth .
to admire the view .
`` in the first place .
`` well , ai n't you going to save any of it ? ''
but of every other neglect i can believe him capable .
only in different lines .
elizabeth was delighted .
and joe snuffled a little .
`` this account then is what he has received from mr. darcy .
the park was very large , and contained great variety of ground .
had elizabeth 's opinion been all drawn from her own family .
for it had just transpired that he had left gaming debts behind him , to a very considerable amount .
they searched high and low , they dragged the river for his body .
ever ever ever , and then you kiss and that's all .
fine , manly little fellow .
for his troubled conscience and fears almost persuaded him that these
and lie there and cover themselves up with it .
`` oh , of course you will . ''
she has known him only a fortnight .
and went creeping , catlike and stooping , round and round about the combatants , seeking an opportunity .
'' said catherine and lydia.. elizabeth accepted their company , and the three young ladies set off together .
but though bingley and jane meet tolerably often , it is never for many hours together .
he attempted a diary .
and then .
`` why , spunk-water . ''
i ca n't fall .
almost taught me to be selfish and overbearing .
and they were in perennial bloom and fluttering with rags .
whose opinion of his consequence increased with what she heard .
and giving a long .
only two hours ago , she felt all the advantages of what they had gained .
where it bore with strong emphasis upon the topmost word and then plunged down
i wish i may never stir if i did n't . ''
i do not suppose that it would ultimately have prevented the marriage .
will have a very large fortune .
`` i ai n't , aunt .
that as to fortune , it is a most eligible match .
he could even listen to sir william lucas .
or all of these houses , for your son and daughter , let us come to a right understanding .
it was really attentive .
pemberley was now georgiana 's home .
this was a sad omen of what her mother 's behaviour to the gentleman himself might be .
and mr. collins was to attend them .
and there are several of the young men , too , that she likes very much .
lost but little of their spirit in this change of circumstances .
not one party , or scheme , or any thing .
`` what does mr. darcy mean .
women fancy admiration means more than it does . ''
i will answer for it he never cared three straws about her .
`` stop the stabboard !
and that it has done no harm to any one but myself . ''
a clear ten thousand per annum .
why was he to be the judge ? ''
and desired he would tell her what lady had the credit of inspiring such reflections .
and indeed .
lady lucas herself has often said so , and envied me jane 's beauty .
he put his hand there and uttered this incantation impressively : `` what has n't come here , come !
and his daughter .
every pore inside the boys ' cheeks became a spouting fountain .
and yet it was plain that this could not be , for their candles were not gone yet .
`` becky , i was such a fool !
what did colonel forster say ?
he sprang to the corner of the brick store .
the subject elevated him to more than usual solemnity of manner .
said he , with a look of doubt .
she hid these signs with a forced gayety and went on chattering .
she then took a large house in edward-street , and has since maintained herself by letting lodgings .
my excellent father died about five years ago .
his head nodded , and little by little his chin descended and touched the enemy , who seized it .
i licked you the first day you ever saw this town , mister , and i 'll lick you again !
the whole party before them , indeed , excited a lively attention .
and the mediocrity of her fortune proved no longer the moderation of his wishes .
`` there were some very strong objections against the lady .
by the author of `` sense and sensibility . ''
and having no feelings of diffidence to make it distressing to himself even at the moment .
and though the uncomfortable feelings arising from all this took from the season of courtship much of its pleasure .
for the state officers .
mr. gardiner readily promised every assistance in his power.. elizabeth .
tom thought , `` oh , hang her , ai n't i ever going to get rid of her ? ''
i am not ashamed of having been mistaken .
`` of what are you talking ? ''
elizabeth in the solitude of her chamber had to meditate upon charlotte 's degree of contentment .
'' said lydia .
but i am an idle fellow .
`` insolent girl ! ''
a most negligent and dilatory correspondent , but at such a time , they had hoped for exertion .
which revealed to him in a degree which he had not fully appreciated before how vast a weight
'' added he .
there is no school in all our land where the young ladies
her prudent mother , occupied by the same ideas , forbore to invite him to sit by herself .
he never does .
though in the case before us i consider myself more fitted by education and habitual
the death of your daughter would have been a blessing in comparison of this .
i 'll bet they 're running yet . ''
and heart , and tete , when , dear alabama !
i must not .
but , however , he is very welcome to come to netherfield , if he likes it .
as other unobtrusive beauties , she would have glided away unperceived .
`` about a month ago i received this letter .
so they stopped right before me and the cigars lit up their faces
said he hastily , as he opened the door .
`` have you any idea , lizzy , who this gentleman is ?
`` in marrying your nephew , i should not consider myself as quitting that sphere .
`` if your master would marry , you might see more of him . ''
its aspect and its furniture .
' and then walk away quick .
now an idea struck him .
addresses of the man whom they secretly mean to accept .
about half-past nine or ten o'clock he came along the deserted street to where the adored unknown lived .
colonel fitzwilliam was no longer an object .
who knew this to be levelled at mr. darcy .
she calculated his capacity as she would a jug 's , and filled him up every day with quack cure-alls .
he looked up at it long , and with emotion .
his regard for her was quite imaginary .
persuaded as miss bingley was that darcy admired elizabeth , this was not the best method of recommending herself .
but would my giving you the wished-for promise , make their marriage at all more probable ?
i think it was a colt , or something . ''
she looked at jane , to see how she bore it .
`` who hides it ? ''
however .
and to be certain that they must desire the connection as much as she could do .
and they conversed with so much spirit and flow .
had information been in her power , she had never felt a wish of enquiring .
`` i never saw a more promising inclination .
but although tom 's ear tingled , his heart was jubilant .
i must have employment and society .
and whose good conduct in the discharge of his trust .
and she soon passed one of the gates into the ground .
and her expectations of advantage to her family .
that he congratulated himself on having lately saved a friend from the inconveniences of a most imprudent marriage .
her resistance had not injured her with the gentleman .
and they began it so early as to be in gracechurch-street by noon .
which spoke her distress at such premeditation , and her intreaty that she would not give into it .
`` when did you see him last ? ''
either from lydia or her father , to explain their proceedings , and perhaps announce the marriage .
she shook her head .
the boy felt a little foolish .
they were .
part of the little raft 's belongings consisted of an old sail .
and to her very great surprise , mr. darcy , and mr. darcy only , entered the room .
her father was walking about the room , looking grave and anxious .
and his conduct cleared of all blame .
but he eluded the skill of them all .
she had even learnt to detect .
but i ought to beg his pardon .
elizabeth looked surprised .
when she retired at night .
they 're found ! ''
who happened to sit near elizabeth .
and never had she before been so much disposed to pardon his interference in the views of his friend .
i can not catch their tone of conversation .
it weighed about fifty pounds .
that her conduct on coming home was exactly of a piece with it .
he had to talk so properly that speech was become insipid in his mouth .
`` nothing . ''
'' she added in a melancholy tone .
`` and how much is settled on his side on our sister .
elizabeth 's astonishment was beyond expression .
in the hall they parted .
by and by they judged that twelve had come .
`` pray .
mrs. gardiner went away in all the perplexity about elizabeth and her derbyshire friend .
and congratulated both him and herself in warm terms on the happy prospect of their nearer connection .
which latter tripped their legs from under them from time to time and greatly increased the fun .
at last it arrested her .
with astonishment did elizabeth see , that her new acquaintance was at least as much embarrassed as herself .
it may be well supposed how eagerly she went through them , and what a contrariety of emotion they excited .
the boys clasped each other suddenly , in an agony of fright .
tom was in an agony .
except netherfield .
after a short pause , her companion added , `` you are too generous to trifle with me .
they solaced their wretchedness .
mr. bennet coolly observed .
i believe it will be better that he should not .
then waved his nerveless hand with a vanquished gesture and said , `` tell 'em , joe , tell 'em .
it had been written five days ago .
and therefore he went and made a patient search for it .
a very low voice .
the master of the house heard with real sorrow that they were to go so soon .
`` i like this , '' said tom .
all over but the kiss .
there now . ''
but to think well of them both .
but that after their removal , it had been every where discussed .
during breakfast the talk went on .
they came to jeer , but remained to whitewash .
and throw into the account of accident or mistake , whatever could not be otherwise explained .
which shortly prevailed in meryton of his coming no more to netherfield the whole winter .
no answer .
it was a journey of only twenty-four miles .
that i think it a right thing for every clergyman in easy circumstances
`` it shews an affection for her sister that is very pleasing , '' said bingley .
that had given them so many previous months of suspense and vexation .
life to him seemed hollow , and existence but a burden .
and in spite of her youth and her manners .
soon lagged behind .
but colonel fitzwilliam had made it clear that he had no intentions at all .
'' continued mrs. bennet .
all hope would be given over , and the funerals would be preached on that morning .
and a report soon followed that mr. bingley was to bring
if , indeed , such a report is in existence . ''
`` 't is n't any of your business , maybe . ''
for there are certainly other things to be attended to .
and it is not sufficient today .
mr. bingley and his sisters . ''
'' said she .
and elizabeth having thanked her for the kindness of her hints , they parted .
maybe monday .
`` all right .
elizabeth would not observe her .
and see so much as they had proposed .
she read over her aunt 's commendation of him again and again .
what business has a pick and a shovel here ?
though with the greatest patience in the world .
she could not have formed a very pleasing picture of conjugal felicity or domestic comfort .
`` sir , you quite misunderstand me , '' said mrs. bennet , alarmed .
and upon that stubborn material the knife had wrought no effect .
lizzy is not a bit better than the others .
`` could colonel forster repeat the particulars of lydia 's note to his wife ? ''
and god forgive me , i cracked tom 's head with my thimble , poor boy , poor dead boy .
he seized becky 's hand and hurried her into the first corridor that offered .
it is very unlucky .
and then was enraged against herself for being so silly !
`` no .
the creature probably glowed with a gratitude that amounted to prayer .
for the wild things had probably never seen a human being
i pity , though i can not help blaming her .
but it was plain that their company was by no means so acceptable as when she could get nobody else .
nor gratitude , '' replied elizabeth , `` have any possible claim on me , in the present instance .
but no such happy marriage could now teach the admiring multitude what connubial felicity really was .
was watching the progress of his letter , and repeatedly calling off his attention by messages to his sister .
he gathered himself up and sneaked off , crushed and crestfallen .
and that in spite of her being his patroness , she is an arrogant , conceited woman . ''
and heard all her silly remarks with a forbearance and command of countenance , particularly grateful to the daughter .
no answer .
`` poor young fellow ! ''
she will be married at sixteen ! .
it was starlight , and very still .
my dear jane , i am in such a flutter , that i am sure i ca n't write .
i remember .
and then they went tearing through the woods to attack an english settlement .
as she observed his increasing civilities toward herself .
i can not help giving him the preference even over wickham .
and i laugh at them whenever i can.. but these .
that your modesty , so far from doing you any disservice , rather adds to your other perfections .
be assured that we are all well .
'course i have n't . ''
her many attractions were again dwelt on .
that the period of anxiety and fretfulness on her side , might be as long as it could .
elizabeth replied that it was .
that every unpleasant circumstance attending it , ought to be forgotten .
and he went to her for intelligence of him , as soon as he got to town .
he was silent .
what , all five out at once ?
just a moment .
`` you must not blame my aunt .
i reckon we 'll climb down there and have a hunt for that box . ''
and it is such a good joke .
the coach conveyed him and his five cousins at a suitable hour to meryton .
she gits up by a bell .
well , let her .
presently he said : `` say , tom , let me whitewash a little . ''
there was a weak attempt at applause , but it died early .
`` why , i did sew it with white !
but when she got her tongue again , she only said : `` umf !
no wonder you 're a little flighty and off your balance .
while the three dead boys came marching up the aisle .
you just let him alone . ''
the two third he danced with miss king .
i 'm going to be a clown in a circus when i grow up . ''
tom 's chance was come .
elizabeth shook her head over this letter .
even in cities , away here in this age of abundant newspapers .
and much as she had always been disposed to like him .
`` that 's the name they lick me by .
i did n't , honest .
he wavered .
kitty then owned .
tom sawyer stepped forward with conceited confidence and soared into the unquenchable
`` to treat in such a manner .
and no guards were afforded for it .
i wish could see johnny miller tackle it once . ''
she began now to comprehend that he was exactly the man .
and while they were thus employed elizabeth could not help observing as
he could not help seeing that you were about five times as pretty as every other woman in the room .
`` is miss darcy much grown since the spring ? ''
for forty-eight hours the widow hunted for him everywhere in great distress .
except your society , my dearest friend .
the dim outlines of the high bluffs on the other side .
half an hour without going beyond the '' known '' ground .
but the emotion was short , and he listened without attempting to interrupt her while she continued .
`` this was a lucky idea of mine , indeed ! ''
and drifted out raining tears all over the place .
and there i readily engaged in the office of pointing out to my friend .
and saw them making signs of derision at each other , and at darcy , who continued however impenetrably grave .
cried his wife impatiently .
when the ladies returned to the drawing-room .
would easily give to those who felt themselves inferior , the belief of her being proud and reserved .
that was satisfactory .
one watching the alley at a distance and the other the tavern door .
there is no knowing how estates will go when once they come to be entailed . ''
that .
bingley had never met with pleasanter people or prettier girls in his life .
awful , you know .
mrs. bennet got rid of her two most deserving daughters .
how much of pleasure or pain it was in his power to bestow ! .
it would be done with so little inconvenience to himself , as by the present arrangement .
but it could not console her for the contempt which had been thus self-attracted by the rest of her
as bingley 's friend and your husband , there can be only bingley and yourself more dear to me .
if therefore she actually persists in rejecting my suit .
an honorable testimony of suds and water was dripping from his face .
their reception from mr. bennet , to whom they then turned , was not quite so cordial .
it was a very still sabbath .
she studied every sentence : and her feelings towards its writer were at times widely different .
then alfred went musing into the deserted schoolhouse .
neglect the duties of my station .
but though jane would have defended either or both .
where mrs. bennet was alone .
the worth of each was eclipsed by mr. bingley and netherfield .
and till he entered the room , the misery of her impatience was severe .
was sharpened into particular resentment , by his having slighted one of her daughters .
but at length was reduced to be reasonable .
cried elizabeth .
he at once took a pin from his lapel and was going to prick his flesh .
and she seized the opportunity of saying , `` is your sister at pemberley still ? ''
they had all managed to enjoy the sweet glory of spreading the
becky was not to have gone home that night !
to be thwarted so in my own family , and to have neighbours who think of themselves before anybody else .
the interruption roused him .
neither did the apothecary , who arrived about the same time , think it at all advisable .
now .
she had high animal spirits .
but here .
to the exclusion of all conversation .
however openly or artfully spoken , could influence a young man so totally independent of every one .
as she stood at a window the next morning .
was extremely well pleased to close his large book , and go .
tom would have spoken of him as `` harbison 's bull .
the liberty of communication can not be mine till it has lost all its value ! ''
`` you would n't , would n't you ?
all they could do was to move , keep moving .
seated in the carriage , and on the road to longbourn .
from the danger of raising expectations which might only end in disappointment .
by and by huck said : `` blame it , we must be in the wrong place again .
in vain did elizabeth endeavour to check the rapidity of her mother's words .
and of that , i can assure you , he informed me himself . ''
at half-past nine , that night , tom and sid were sent to bed , as usual .
which to elizabeth had appeared weak and ridiculous , contained much good sense and solid reasoning .
`` lordy , what did you do ?
the two young ladies were summoned from the shrubbery where this conversation passed .
you have shewn him off now much more than he did himself . ''
through letters .
she went out to see for herself .
for she vows she will not have him .
he pictured himself lying sick unto death and his aunt bending over him beseeching one little forgiving word .
and she was very willing to hear him .
desired that a valuable family living might be his as soon as soon as it became vacant .
as for jane , her anxiety under this suspence was , of course , more painful than elizabeth 's .
mary gave him a brand-new `` barlow '' knife worth twelve and a half cents .
when they had gained their own room .
and felt , and said , for attention to any other objects .
never had he spoken with such gentleness as on this unexpected meeting .
and miss darcy is always down for the summer months . ''
tom skimmed up the shore through the long twilight , chatting cheerily with huck , and landed shortly after dark .
i love thee well !
would be a depravity .
`` oh no , no !
`` look here , what does this mean ? ''
the society .
`` there .
but there orter be writing 'bout a big thing like this .
she then hastened away to her mother .
in understanding darcy was the superior .
but their colour and shape , and the eye-lashes , so remarkably fine , might be copied . ''
`` you saw me dance at meryton , i believe , sir . ''
`` for the liveliness of your mind , i did . ''
but were comforted the day before the ball by hearing .
and some of his servants are to be in the house by the end of next week . ''
so gross a violation of every thing right could hardly have been concealed from the world .
this is not quite enough to make her understand his character . ''
and soon afterwards mr. darcy , drawing near elizabeth , said to her .
the particulars immediately following of wickham 's resigning all pretensions to the living .
large woman , with strongly-marked features , which might once have been handsome .
`` get me to tell ?
when first he came in , he had spoken to her but little .
`` did it , '' said he , `` did it soon make you think better of me ?
could have made such a friday , saturday , sunday and monday , endurable to kitty and lydia .
`` so do i . ''
`` upon my word .
amidst the various engagements which the kindness of her aunt had reserved for them .
for i thought it a case of some delicacy , and requiring early attention .
cheerful and engaging as ever .
but with little success .
monday morning found tom sawyer miserable .
breathing port wine , who followed them into the room .
`` all right , i reckon we better . ''
then jumped to the roof of the woodshed and thence to the ground .
they sat in the shadow waiting .
`` did not you ?
`` why ? ''
but when the gentlemen entered , jane was no longer the first object .
they took a swim about every hour .
'' said miss bingley .
but it is all , all too late now . ''
i 'll come up to you and say , 'joe , got a pipe ?
`` perhaps he must , if he sees enough of her .
mr. wickham is by no means a respectable young man .
it 's us ! ''
it ca n't be under the rock itself , because that sets solid on the ground . ''
drink .
what if he went away .
my dear , '' said maria quite shocked at the mistake , `` it is not lady catherine .
forty times i 've said if you did n't let that jam alone i 'd skin you .
both were cruelly tired , yet becky said she thought she could go a little farther .
added to her unwillingness to see mr. darcy .
if he had another motive , i am sure it would never disgrace him .
from the two jackets and the whole school to enjoy it .
the boy only struggled to free himself .
as jane and elizabeth were walking together in the shrubbery behind the house .
and sat down on a mossy spot under a spreading oak .
here are two new suits of clothes .
on the contrary she was as much disposed to complain of it as her husband..
when he first came into hertfordshire last year , i thought how likely it was that you should come together .
i wish i could see her .
elizabeth was secretly forming a desperate resolution .
cried mrs. gardiner , whose curiosity as to the mode of her intelligence was all alive .
he found her as handsome as she had been last year .
had lydia and her mother known the substance of her conference with her father .
`` lordy , i do n't want to foller him by myself ! ''
and mainly he was the justice of the peace that jugged me for a vagrant .
and felt a sense of injury , too .
and they `` bit '' the tongue , and were not considered manly anyway .
happy shall i be , when his stay at netherfield is over ! ''
it had been settled in the evening .
mary , get me a silk thread , and a chunk of fire out of the kitchen . ''
and , besides , no traces of them were to be found on the barnet road . ''
that after what seemed a mighty stretch of time .
tom contemplated the boy a bit , and said : `` what do you call work ? ''
in addition to every other source of happiness , were within thirty miles of each other .
people did say , you meant to quit the place entirely at michaelmas .
`` why .
so it is .
tom stood still , rather flustered by this onslaught .
and a dozen skiff-loads of men were on their way to mcdougal 's cave .
`` yes , vanity is a weakness indeed .
marriage had always been her object .
and repeatedly asked what she had been doing with herself since their separation .
`` goody ! ...
`` no more have i , '' said mr. bennet .
no tom .
much as i value the impudence and hypocrisy of my son-in-law .
drunk , i reckon .
`` i do not know how you will ever make him amends for his kindness .
`` this is no very striking resemblance of your own character , i am sure , '' said he .
this was agreed to .
and there is something of dignity in his countenance .
my behaviour to you was at least always bordering on the uncivil .
you may have it .
and whenever they changed their quarters .
`` 'tai n't a dream , then , 'tai n't a dream !
`` the first wish of my heart .
lord !
no , tom , i wo n't be rich , and i wo n't live in them cussed smothery houses .
has he , has my nephew , made you an offer of marriage ? ''
`` certainly , '' replied elizabeth .
though no disposition could offer a greater contrast to his own .
those were your words .
that the living became vacant two years ago .
to catherine and lydia , neither the letter nor its writer were in any degree interesting .
i can remember no symptom of affection on either side .
having said thus much , i feel no doubt of your secrecy .
i was so frightened i did not know what to do , for my uncle was to give me away .
ever , as long as you live ? ''
i was so afraid you know that something would happen to put it off .
to receive her and her husband at longbourn .
on which i do not reflect with satisfaction .
i should only think worse of her understanding , than i now do of her heart .
to what degree you only can tell .
and we all know that wickham has every charm of person and address that can captivate a woman . ''
it 's too scary .
and what to drink .
pray make haste and come into the dining-room , for there is such a sight to be seen !
the current would permit no more wading .
`` well , she will .
the physicians were all at the cave , so the widow douglas came and took charge of the patient .
at times .
i can only refute it by laying before you the whole of his connection with my family .
tom said : `` say , jim , i 'll fetch the water if you 'll whitewash some . ''
when there was a crash of rotten timbers and injun joe
paid no attention to the steamboat .
but on returning to the drawing-room .
the perplexity and dissatisfaction of the house expressed itself in murmurs and provoked a reproof from the bench .
`` do not you want to know who has taken it ? ''
to observe .
now you better think 'bout this awhile .
`` but .
it was melancholy to leave her to such society ! .
and when nothing better offered .
for the heathen in the far islands of the sea .
he has been accused of many faults at different times .
he seemed scarcely to hear her , and was walking up and down the room in earnest meditation .
`` i can not be so easily reconciled to myself .
`` but perhaps you would like to read it . ''
tom fled home at noon .
replied her sister .
they found none , but captured a bulky bundle of .
mis-givings gathered in his mind .
just as they got within its shelter the storm burst and the rain poured down .
lydia was occasionally a visitor there , when her husband was gone to enjoy himself in london or bath .
in the expectation of his arrival , elizabeth could easily perceive that her spirits were affected by it .
yet elizabeth was longing to know what mrs. gardiner thought of him .
but he is an ugly fellow !
then turned his back a moment and tom pulled a boy 's hair in the next bench .
bring her to hunsford , and i will visit her . '
do not go.. i beg you will not go.. mr. collins must excuse me..
let me warn my cousin elizabeth .
mr. dobbins fingered his book absently for a while .
and her acceptance of the invitation was most ready and grateful .
as to refuse his daughter a privilege .
`` my mother is tolerably well , i trust .
and the pleasure of being with charlotte .
in a voice rather louder than any other person 's .
she declared her resolution .
`` or in other words , you are determined to have him .
huckleberry 's hard pantings were his only reply .
they found that they could now smoke a little without having to go and hunt for a lost knife .
but sid 's fingers slipped and the bowl dropped and broke .
under cover of some remote pew-back , as if the poor parson had said a rarely facetious thing .
`` what 'll you take for her ? ''
though scarcely knowing any thing of the last page or two .
he is now perhaps sorry for what he has done , and anxious to re-establish a character .
the delight of mrs. bennet , and the mortification of kitty , are scarcely to be described .
there was an unusual amount of talk .
`` it gives me the greatest pleasure to hear that you have passed your time not disagreeably .
`` why , i must confess , that i love him better than i do bingley .
and by a manoeuvre of mrs. bennet had to wait for their
why did the judge ask him ?
wickham passed all his youth there , you know . ''
i know not how to express my refusal in such a
a marked anxiety came into aunt polly 's face .
in a moment a new burst of grief from becky showed
they presently stopped and turned around .
yourself , lizzy , so wholly give him up , as to believe him capable of it ? ''
when i went away .
he began to wish to know more of her .
`` from the former .
here , which he and all his comrades had always looked upon as infallible .
amy lawrence was proud and glad , and she tried to make tom see it in her face .
and doubting whether she were authorised to mention it .
my brother and the gentlemen are to dine with the officers .
dimly dreading the worst .
smeared from head to foot with tallow drippings .
a small part of derbyshire is all the present concern .
`` muff potter ! ''
and felt that water .
and the sermon had come to a dead standstill .
i wanted to see what was up .
then he could stay home from school .
and here in one instant of time she had gone out
and soon afterwards got up and walked about the room .
`` yes , very indifferent indeed , '' said elizabeth , laughingly .
but her human curiosity presently began to manifest itself by hardly perceptible signs .
saw the act , and moved on , without discovering herself .
what could be more natural than his asking you again ?
i do not know that you were wrong in saying what you did . ''
about the court , such instances of elegant breeding are not uncommon . ''
and the waverer quickly `` explained .
because the great sycamore .
why , that ai n't a-going to do any good .
for almost all the lucases came to meet maria and hear
`` go on , tom ! ''
elizabeth listened , wondered , doubted , and was impatient for more .
at her having any such fears now .
put the two small sacks into it .
and .
`` i should be sorry indeed , if it were .
they cried with them , too , and that was still better than words .
and if he took orders .
who was by this time tolerably well acquainted with her own feelings .
whose pride .
though i must throw in a good word for my little lizzy . ''
and elizabeth heard him the next moment open the front door and quit the house .
`` well , '' cried elizabeth , `` have it as you choose .
they did not know that the quicker a fresh-water fish is
that she considered it as the death-warrant of all possibility of common sense for the latter .
not hopping , of course .
she was met by her father , who came out of his library with a letter in his hand .
with averted faces to avoid the strangling sprays .
the quiet , the retirement of such a life , would have answered all my ideas of happiness !
she stole a sly look at him , to see how he bore it .
i 'd 'most be glad you 'd run off and acted so bad .
she did at last extort from her father an acknowledgment that the horses were engaged .
allow me to say .
a deeper shade of hauteur overspread his features .
open-air exercise , bathing , and a large ingredient of hunger make , too .
that of mrs. bennet perhaps surpassing the rest .
i did not wink at you . ''
'' said he .
not many times .
there could be no conversation in the noise of mrs. philips 's supper party .
quick !
at last tom said : `` it ai n't any use , huck , we 're wrong again . ''
but she seemed to be unconscious of it all .
we might ' a ' got into an awful scrape , tackling such a thing on a friday . ''
it would hang round the money .
i am almost the nearest relation he has in the world .
utterly isolated .
estate from one 's own daughters i can not understand .
well , boys , i done an awful thing .
and her invitation was accepted with alacrity .
but we have taken care of that .
he was not the young man to resist an opportunity of having a companion .
`` follered 'em .
the more tom stared at the splendid marvel .
`` no .
for we have just spent ours at the shop out there . ''
but there 's a bed here for you when you 've had your breakfast .
`` but they buried him saturday .
`` hello yourself , and see how you like it . ''
said she , `` i heard you before .
bingley was ready , georgiana was eager , and darcy determined , to be pleased .
the happiness anticipated by catherine and lydia .
and they soon became sensible .
they met again on sunday , and then i saw him too .
they soon outstripped the others .
could it be possible that she was not aware that he was there ?
they are in the same profession , you know .
she was immediately told , that the two gentlemen from rosings had each called during her absence .
`` and that is quite impossible .
that the miss lucases and the miss bennets should meet to talk over a ball was absolutely necessary .
for a while .
gone to stay .
from my father's behaviour .
he tried it .
sitting with their toes pressed against a wall for hours together .
for as the others were all going to sit down to cards .
or , why did he thus come a day before he was expected ?
he tried not to seem to see the looks or hear the remarks as he passed along .
and set off the next morning with elizabeth in pursuit of novelty and amusement .
as is conjectured , but were not missed till yesterday morning at eight .
elizabeth privately added , `` and how much i shall have to conceal . ''
he had certainly formed such a plan .
and elizabeth was spared from much teazing on the subject .
with what delightful emotions does the youthful mind look forward to some anticipated scene of festivity !
and .
she had also to anticipate how her visit would pass .
below and beyond this line there was a dark expanse of unirrigated
joined to the circumstance itself .
give it up and maybe never have another chance .
you go over that way and i 'll hunt around by the spring .
but he was disappointed .
could you expect me to rejoice in the inferiority of your connections ?
had been formed before he quitted the inn .
and from the whole of his behaviour to miss de bourgh she derived this comfort for miss bingley .
that if he had been prevented going .
and what with the philipses .
`` two offences of a very different nature .
but to her own more extensive information .
and for the last half year .
every idea that had been brought forward by the housekeeper was favourable to his character .
she must possess a certain something in her air and manner of walking .
for she had said she would look at pictures all through the nooning .
he had done all this for a girl whom he could neither regard nor esteem .
to much conversation .
he might have been allowed to sport with it in what ever manner he thought best .
lydia , my love , ring the bell .
tom sawyer knew as much of the cave as any one .
manner which made it difficult for her to affront anybody .
to drop no hint of what had passed before any of the family .
`` well , '' cried her mother , `` it is all very right .
i can remember some expressions which might justly make you hate me . ''
`` but my father can not .. he wrote last week to hurry my return . ''
while his wife seriously commended mr. collins for having spoken so sensibly .
because she asked him at last how he liked netherfield .
they practised cautiously , after supper , with right fair success , and so they spent a jubilant evening .
as might have given the most acute observer .
it was the most stunning surprise of the decade .
chicken-heart ! ''
but they fared sumptuously upon cold ham , and then threw themselves down in the shade to talk .
`` oh ! ''
`` oh , my !
but the deep intonations of the heavy thunder constantly vibrated upon the ear .
to interrupt a silence which might make him fancy her affected with what had passed .
who was sitting there with mrs. hurst and miss bingley , and the lady with whom she lived in london .
as soon as the messenger dispatched with the great news to the cave should get the word to her husband .
was angry that the ball closed so early , and talked of giving one himself at netherfield .
whispered huckleberry .
`` now i have got some news for you , '' said lydia , as they sat down to table .
i am therefore by no means discouraged by what you have just said .
heavens and lost itself in sullen rumblings in the distance .
suffering just as tom had been .
for mrs. bennet luckily stood in such awe of her intended son-in-law .
ends to it and a corkscrew of smoke issuing from the chimney .
`` it is unlucky .
and began to draw a map of america on the blackboard , to exercise the geography class upon .
if i was to go through the world , i could not meet with a better .
mr. and mrs. collins have a comfortable income , but not such a one as will allow of frequent journeys .
`` no , '' replied jane , `` i have not forgotten him .
`` they are wanted in the farm much oftener than i can get them . ''
you wish to think all the world respectable , and are hurt if i speak ill of any body .
but elizabeth had now recollected herself .
huck was willing .
the other is miss de bourgh .
and said he feared w. was not a man to be trusted .
poor huck was in the same state of wretchedness and terror .
miss darcy , on her brother's entrance , exerted herself much more to talk .
`` it certainly is a most iniquitous affair .
and i never thought what it meant , of course , but i can see now ! ''
see there ! ''
it is really too great a violation of decency .
your ladyship wants mr. darcy to marry your daughter .
wholly unable to ward off any portion of that universal contempt which her rage for admiration will excite .
`` by jings , i wish i was over there , now , '' said joe .
so all this row was because you thought you'd get to stay home from school and go a-fishing ?
`` speak out , my boy .
perhaps .
and passed the bag to the latter .
a cat does that much .
he hoped i should not think it unreasonable for him to expect some more immediate pecuniary advantage .
and gravely glancing at mr. darcy .
and then tom said : `` lookyhere .
`` lookyhere , huck , what fools we 're making of ourselves !
tom turned as white as a sheet .
we dine at rosings twice every week , and are never allowed to walk home .
`` well , what of it ?
i will put on my things in a moment .
and writing to jane .
`` my dear mr. bennet , '' replied his wife , `` how can you be so tiresome !
they were off saturday night about twelve .
`` i have said no such thing .
and on the probability of a rainy season .
that he could not bear to have any worldly cheeriness or any grating delight intrude upon it .
said aunt polly .
my object has been to secure an amiable companion for myself .
his affection for her drew him oftener from home than any thing else could do .
elizabeth dared not lift up her eyes .
'' while taking bacon and hams and such valuables was plain simple stealing .
no ! ''
then she let it remain .
what 's yours ?
it was dark .
without any of those apologies and thanks which he would have thought necessary .
mr. bingley might like you the best of the party . ''
bury it again and leave them to come and see the ground disturbed ?
and i flatter myself they will settle so quietly .
stretched , then brought himself up on his elbow with a snort , and began to stare at tom .
health , good humour and cheerfulness began to re-appear at longbourn .
and you told about peter and the pain-killer. ``
`` oh !
yet he is such a man ! ''
however .
when you ai n't noticing .
that .
a grievous misfortune for the school .
as soon as jane had read mr. gardiner 's hope of lydia's being soon married .
no principle of either , would be violated by my marriage with mr. darcy .
a leather belt , and some other rubbish well soaked with the water-drip .
you ai n't well a bit .
`` have you any thing else to propose for my domestic felicity ? ''
i am happy to add , that i owed the knowledge of it to herself .
welcome and home were mine within this state , whose vales i leave .
two or three times she pricked up her ear at a footstep , but it was a false hope .
though her manner varied however , her determination never did .
and so i come along upstreet 'bout midnight .
'' replied jane .
my dear , dear lydia ! .
cheerfulness to enhance every pleasure .
assert that we can be justified in devoting too much of our time to music .
the stillness continued .
but that the gentleman was overflowing with admiration was evident enough .
to this question his daughter replied only with a laugh .
when lydia had first run away , they had been generally proved to be marked out for misfortune .
to be very seriously in love .
she is lost for ever . ''
'' as he called it .
that in his will he particularly recommended it to me .
exceedingly sorry .
and he was not more eloquent on the subject of tenderness than of pride .
in spite of what her sister declared .
but in an instant arose the dreadful suspicion of his being purposely omitted
she was aware that no one liked him but jane .
'' cried his faithful assistant .
huck was already upon his watch when the ferryboat 's lights went glinting past the wharf .
'' said lydia .
if he could any how discover at what house the coachman had before set down his fare .
as soon as they were alone together .
there was no sabbath-school during day-school vacation , but everybody was early at church .
had been educated in one of the first private seminaries in town .
`` what is the talk around , huck ?
however .
he would probably feel that the arguments .
`` that is very true .
cold , scared , and streaming with water .
potter lifted his face and looked around him with a pathetic hopelessness in his eyes .
to jane .
you chose to tell me that you liked me against your will .
do n't do that .
which he had just acquired from a negro , and he was suffering to practise it un-disturbed .
hesitatingly at first , but as he warmed to his subject his words flowed more and more easily .
he scarcely ever spoke to her .
a lath sword and a tin trumpet .
it was to be such a secret ! ''
he would shout and maybe some one would come .
you never think of anything but your own selfishness .
but before i am run away with by my feelings on this subject .
`` and can you likewise declare , that there is no foundation for it ? ''
at first .
and there would be nothing to interfere with the plan .
yawned , sighed , forgot the beetle entirely , and sat down on it .
but they were afraid to proceed to such lengths as that .
and tom gave becky the pencil and held her hand in his .
said he , smiling .
but after listening to tom .
`` let her go off a point ! ''
the librarian `` showed off '' .
it must have been a most agreeable surprise to mr. bingley to see you all after him so soon .
you see on what a footing we are .
'' said darcy .
then texas .
there were very few there who knew what `` tete '' meant .
ashamed of her mother 's ungracious and reluctant good wishes .
parties were able to elude each other for the space of
`` i can not give you credit for any philosophy of the kind .
how noble and beautiful those episodes were .
she gave a great yawn and said , `` how pleasant it is to spend an evening in this way !
when tom reached the little isolated frame school-house .
huckleberry was cordially hated and dreaded by all the mothers of the town .
and she thought he looked a little confused as he answered that
and in a tone which had something of real regret .
were confirmed in their belief that joe had sold himself to the devil .
it was a handsome modern building , well situated on rising ground .
and give him an invitation also , if the family from longbourn would come in the evening .
but still they admired her and liked her .
but mr. collins .
kitty and lydia take his defection much more to heart than i do .
and shall devote this whole morning to answering it .
and elizabeth was convinced that they held her in contempt for it .
another pause .
we 'll tackle the ha'nted house if you say so .
`` well i 'low i 'll make it my business . ''
poor girl , she did not know how fast she was nearing trouble herself .
good lord !
than that mr. wickham should invent such a history of himself as he gave me last night .
on her return , to undo all the work of the morning , and pack her trunk afresh .
and she was .
`` only tell me just one thing .
that by the following christmas .
i ain't going down there , tom . ''
a couple of guns in leather cases .
the windows are full west . ''
and in one of them he found the refugee .
tom was off at once .
`` but this may be from better feelings than you are supposing .
without being grieved to the soul by a thousand tender recollections .
though often standing within a very short distance of her .
hid their accoutrements .
and if you can compass it .
mrs. collins , did i tell you of lady metcalfe's calling yesterday to thank me ?
we must not expect a lively young man to be always so guarded and circumspect .
jim began to waver .
though more guarded than formerly .
he crossed a small `` branch '' two or three times .
and enforced them earnestly.. but .
she was not sorry .
and a deluge of water drenched the prone martyr 's remains !
she was perfectly sensible that he never had .
`` i have every reason in the world to think ill of you .
for the sake of one individual .
my comfort is .
she was not the better pleased with his gallantry .
that 's what it is .
this mrs. younge was , he knew , intimately acquainted with wickham .
his apparent partiality had subsided , his attentions were over , he was the admirer of some one else .
but she still thought him partial to jane .
i am convinced that it is very common indeed .
from the entrance hall .
you bad girl , why did n't you come to sunday-school ? ''
shortly afterward they slipped out of the house in the deepening twilight .
`` that is as it happens .
i can not think of it without abhorrence . ''
`` what sail 's she carrying ? ''
but instead thereof , `` 'my dearest friend , my counsellor , my comforter and guide .
because , if he had at all cared about me , we must have met long , long ago .
at the request of her younger sisters .
`` i 'll stay if you will . ''
i have heard you mention them with consideration these twenty years at least . ''
so it 's the same with muff potter , of course .
and re-read with the closest attention .
`` anyways , i 'm suited .
tom flung off his jacket and trousers .
rejoicing that such an effusion was heard only by herself , soon went away .
`` was there a servant belonging to it .
and sincerely affected herself , accompanied her out of the room .
what are men to rocks and mountains ?
i am only ashamed of his asking so little . ''
`` oh yes !
`` shall i tell you ? ''
the boy worked on , apparently unconscious .
at the end of a long concerto .
the half-breed muttered : `` that score is settled .
`` what is it ? ''
there 's things going on at a circus all the time .
but without seeming to have noticed what passed , took leave and rode on with his friend .
`` oh , anybody can run a tick down that do n't belong to them .
`` becky , wo n't you say something ? ''
it 's what makes great men and good men .
whence .
'' i have never had a cross word from him in my life .
but did not live to do it.. mr. bingley intended it likewise , and sometimes made choice of his county .
perhaps .
it was more than any one present had ever seen at one time before .
she is now about miss elizabeth bennet 's height , or rather taller . ''
but because an awful , unaccountable fascination drew him on .
that 's mostly because they do n't like to go where a man 's been murdered , anyway .
and the silence of the whole party on the subject , seemed to justify her .
and then you put the blood on one piece of the bean and take and dig
though in a voice which proved it to be mr. darcy , she moved again towards the gate .
which you must acknowledge to be true . ''
but elizabeth knew nothing of the art .
having that to communicate which she knew would be most welcome .
but i hope you will not mind it : it is all for jane 's sake , you know .
forgive me for having taken up so much of your time .
and was ever anxious to keep him to herself .
many women visited aunt polly and mrs. thatcher and tried to comfort them .
i never thought we might want to come back !
cried elizabeth .
`` i was certainly very far from expecting them to make so strong an impression .
every thing being settled between them .
elizabeth felt jane's pleasure .
i hope the lord .
several of the officers had dined lately with their uncle .
or had you intended any more serious consequence ? ''
and at once the ambition to be a discoverer seized him .
then tom tumbled his ham over the bluff and let himself down after it .
like hogs grunting .
`` for we must attribute this happy conclusion .
i will not be in a hurry to believe myself his first object .
it was too great for her to know in what manner she acceded to it .
tom sawyer went home quite cheerful .
so he held his breath and stepped gingerly back .
for the sole purpose of breaking off her supposed engagement with mr. darcy .
`` then mrs. harper she began to cry .
she was able to join the others with tolerable composure .
to express her delight , and repeat all her former professions of regard .
is lately married .
instantly he forgot his quarrel with her .
but she had never felt so strongly as now .
when pap 's full .
elizabeth was not surprised at it .
then both looked elsewhere at once , and wondered if anybody had noticed anything in their mutual glance .
but you can't hang a `` clew '' for murder .
all at once the doctor flung himself free .
who had once before called late in the evening , and might now come to enquire particularly after her .
and as he moved from side to side .
let him know that i see what he is about .
do n't tell me there ai n't anything in dreams , any more .
only think what a miserable summer else we shall have ! ''
'' said jane : `` i hope and trust they will yet be happy .
we all know him to be a proud , unpleasant sort of man .
mr. darcy might have been doing to forward her sister's match .
nay , for a twelvemonth , she has been given up to nothing but amusement and vanity .
i ask only a comfortable home .
he had taken on himself all the trouble and mortification attendant on such a research .
'' she continued .
would she heave one little sigh to see a bright young life so rudely blighted , so untimely cut down ?
young ladies have great penetration in such matters as these .
he was forced to acknowledge her figure to be light and pleasing .
`` as the time drew near .
she continued .
`` yes , in conjunction with his friend . ''
national military academy and afterward trained in the best law school in the country .
miss bingley offered her the carriage .
but this memory was too much for the old lady , and she broke entirely down .
they were gold .
`` that is his notion of christian forgiveness !
tom 's spelling-book fell under his eye .
at least .
he must force some talk .
if you ai n't afeard . ''
`` you will give your mother-in-law a few hints .
on tuesday there was a large party assembled at longbourn .
their mutual affection will steady them .
you give me fresh life and vigour .
on this interesting subject .
and , consequently .
charlotte had hardly time to answer .
that does seem as if .
`` when my eyes were opened to his real character.. oh !
he simpers , and smirks , and makes love to us all .
`` well , what did you say they did , for ? ''
you will hardly bear to be long outdone by jane .
but say .
tom proudly marched into a thick clump of sumach bushes and said : `` here you are !
her sister 's situation remained the same , her peace equally wounded .
he was not in sight .
and they talked of home .
and were indebted to mr. collins for the knowledge of what carriages went along .
tom concluded to let huck lead up to the subject .
and he would n't have a wart on him if he 'd knowed how to work spunk-water .
`` susan harper , did you do this ? ''
it was romantic and mysterious to stand here in the deep gloom
he was so close the boys could have touched him .
she thought with equal certainty , and with considerable , though not equal , pleasure .
could not have made a stronger impression on his mind than on hers .
such an openness and gentleness in his manner . ''
the fishing scheme had been renewed the day before .
elizabeth could not help saying .
she had formed no expectation at all of its contents .
even the glorious fourth was in some sense a failure .
tell me what it is , and trust me .
it occurred to elizabeth that she must meditate an application to her nephew .
come ahead on the stabboard !
and went off grieving that there were no outlaws any more .
and was consequently resolved not to be out of sight of the inn the whole of that morning .
of books.. what a delightful library you have at pemberley .
`` just as dead earnest as i 'm sitting here .
he was trying his best to keep the old man from
and were informed that it was but just done .
for in her opinion it admitted not of a doubt .
in this room they were received by miss darcy .
and we 'll keep it quiet , only we'll let joe harper and ben rogers in .
which would have injured a higher degree of excellence than she had reached .
had they been only ten minutes sooner .
huck 's rich . ''
you would n't like that , and i would n't . ''
elizabeth looked at darcy to see how cordially he assented to his cousin 's praise .
i shall venture still to think of both gentlemen as i did before . ''
but it 's so hard .
but if he had any dim idea of making any `` references to allusions .
the young lady teachers `` showed off '' .
except a father and mother , both of whom had been dead many years .
it was injun joe 's !
society , i own , is necessary to me .
they were confined for the evening at different tables .
however .
came up from st. louis .
so they swore again with dread solemnities .
presently she gave over skylarking .
he warn't any more responsible than a colt .
and thought them very wrong to give so much trouble .
after making every possible enquiry on that side london .
`` while i can have my mornings to myself .
considering every thing .
very frequently were they reproached for this insensibility by kitty and lydia .
was enough to interest all her tender feelings .
in an hurried manner he immediately began an enquiry after her health .
and each of them pronounced him to be infinitely superior to any thing they had expected .
whatever anxiety she may feel on his behalf , is natural and amiable .
and that potter had at once sneaked off .
but then she is our particular friend . ''
if they want to jump down , now , and get into trouble , who objects ?
and even a streak added to the ground , her astonishment was almost unspeakable .
still he could not bear to give up the fun at widow douglas ' .
did not press her to go .
and tell him i will dance with him at the next ball we meet , with great pleasure .
nudges and winks and whispers traversed the room .
the very day after her reaching pemberley .
each new scene is more charming than the last .
your father had me jailed for a vagrant .
he took his seat at the bottom of the table .
mr. jones was bound huck should be here .
and then somebody else had come along and turned it up with a single thrust of a shovel .
she said : `` well , i never !
and neither the carriage , nor the livery of the servant who preceded it , were familiar to them .
to prevail on mr. bennet to return to longbourn .
`` what are you talking about ?
next he rose on his hind feet and pranced around .
`` upon my word , '' said mrs. gardiner , `` i begin to be of your uncle's opinion .
but she had her share of business as well as her aunt .
wooded island , with a shallow bar at the head of it , and this offered well as a rendezvous .
and .
i was in great hopes that one of you would have got a husband before you came back .
by his white whiskers and the patch on his eye .
each relaxed his strain with watchful caution , and tom said : `` you 're a coward and a pup .
they travelled as expeditiously as possible .
i been half thinking it was . ''
old hundred swelled up with a triumphant burst .
his ear detected it and his whole nature resented it .
and by ten or eleven o'clock a giddy and rollicking company were gathered at judge thatcher 's .
his right hand , mean-time , describing stately circles .
hearts were breaking on their account .
miss de bourgh is far superior to the handsomest of her sex .
the `` might '' was even a chillier horror than the ghostly laughter , it so confessed a perishing hope .
so he played with him every time he got a chance .
becky snatched at the book to close it .
`` very well .
and he see she was a-witching him .
had married a woman whose weak understanding and illiberal mind .
if we watch every night .
'' cried lydia .
they did not talk much .
an invitation moreover including the whole party ) so immediately after your arrival ! ''
and not yet open to the mortifying conviction that handsome young men must have something to live on .
i 'll tell everything . ''
and their hopes too , when the man moved , but their fears passed away now .
as i am .
his friend had left him that morning for london , but was to return home in ten days time .
she was suddenly roused by the sound of the door bell .
`` oh , auntie , my sore toe 's mortified ! ''
and you are never to stir out of doors .
as they passed into other rooms , these objects were taking different positions .
in the `` branch '' about one or two o'clock in the morning .
mr. darcy stood near them in silent indignation at such a mode of passing the evening .
her keenest attention was awakened .
he could not find his way back !
the wedding took place .
she ordered a lot at once .
if the former were excited by his marrying me , it would not give me one moment's concern .
whose eagerness for their cousin 's appearance would not allow them to wait in the drawing-room .
however .
'' said jane .
but she considered with pleasure that it was not likely to be discovered by the world in general .
but it ended in nothing , and i will not be sent on a fool 's errand again . ''
and what to eat .
every eye sank under his gaze .
but it was two or three days before he could get from her what he wanted .
you may perhaps be a little softened by his manner of expressing himself . ''
right yonder's where i saw injun joe poke up his candle , huck ! ''
you 've heard me talk just that way .
as was here collected in one individual .
he scarcely needed an invitation to stay supper .
`` yes , my youngest is not sixteen .
his cruelty towards whom he had not attempted to deny .
you said that over and over .
it is possible that tom 's mental stomach had never really hungered for one of those prizes .
a couple of tadpoles .
* * * * * mr. gardiner soon wrote again to his brother .
i am sorry to say it of them , but so it is .
at last tom rose slowly and softly , and started alone .
i do not know what to say to you .
`` very true , it will be wise in me to refrain from that .
sweated his soul clean and `` the yellow stains of it came through his pores '' .
and whether , in defiance of every thing , she was still dear to him .
forgive me .
for they had a mayor there , among other unnecessaries .
i do n't know how to give him up !
and whenever she paused expectantly he could only stammer an awkward assent , which was as often misplaced as otherwise .
`` where ? ''
there were some that believed he would be president , yet , if he escaped hanging .
you would not wish to quit the sphere , in which you have been brought up . ''
however .
this was very amiable .
what 's the name of the gal ? ''
and after relating the circumstances , she thus went on : .
on account of the exciting episode of the night .
the contents of this letter threw elizabeth into a flutter of spirits .
equal in point of dignity with the highest rank in the kingdom .
but prepare yourself for something very dreadful .
but he 's out of all his troubles now .
brown and weather-beaten .
but to be sure .
and as to the loss of their society .
and owned she encouraged it as much as possible .
the glaring insincerity of these sermons was not sufficient to compass the banishment of the fashion from the schools .
elizabeth quietly answered `` undoubtedly . `` .
`` oh .
she had not herself forgotten to feel that the marriage of her sister must bring them more frequently together .
thus much for my general intention in favour of matrimony .
certainly too little for the convenience of the world .
by elizabeth 's persuasion , he was prevailed on to overlook the offence , and seek a reconciliation .
do n't you be discouraged , tom , you 'll manage it .
at eight in the evening the schoolhouse was brilliantly lighted .
he shook his head.. `` i wish i could call her amiable .
'' said she , `` i cried for two days together when colonel millar 's regiment went away .
he was writing , and , without raising his head , coolly replied , `` just as you please . ''
among solemn monarchs of the forest , hung from their crowns to the ground with a drooping regalia of grape-vines .
made a warm speech in which he said that it was by
`` who cares ! ''
`` those infernal boys '' quaked again under the inspiration of this remark .
the same anxiety to get them by themselves , was visible again in the evening .
for .
however .
she has got over the most trying age . ''
`` as soon as i am dressed , and tell the good , good news to my sister philips .
i should say , one of her ladyship 's carriages , for she has several . ''
tom felt the glare of the old lady 's eye , though he could not see it .
and sid did not overlook the fact that tom even showed a marked aversion to these inquests .
soon after breakfast .
then she sprang away and ran around and around the desks and benches .
arguing that it might be considered a ship and therefore legitimate prey for a pirate .
this has been my motive .
most eager to preserve the acquaintance .
do n't be diffident .
and precluding the possibility of the other , was soon to be formed in their family .
i appeal to mr. darcy : .
you alluded to something else .
threw a languor over the whole party .
that i had been with you , you have had every care and anxiety upon yourself alone . ''
ah , if he could only die temporarily !
darcy was delighted with their engagement .
all is vanity , the flattery which once charmed her soul , now grates harshly upon her ear .
mrs. gardiner , rendered suspicious by elizabeth's warm commendation of him , narrowly observed them both .
my sweetest lizzy !
he so far recommended himself to georgiana .
to whom lydia eagerly applied .
`` my dear , do not give way to such gloomy thoughts .
`` yes , that 's so .
a dislike which i can not but attribute in some measure to jealousy .
however this remonstrance might have staggered or delayed his determination .
nobody takes part with me , i am cruelly used , nobody feels for my poor nerves . ''
`` but i hope there is no strong attachment on either side , '' said jane .
they rose up and wandered along , hand in hand and hopeless .
you and papa , and my sisters , must come down and see us .
your own heart , your own conscience , must tell you why i come . ''
and really believed to be her feelings .
then joe said : `` what 's any more dangerous than that job up yonder .
as the sun began to steal in upon the boys .
and loafs around considerable .
`` she take it away !
and so dishonourable to the stability of her lover , she could not prevent its frequently recurring .
and when they reached the school they had it all to themselves .
`` i hope not . ''
she had been unwilling to mention bingley .
many tearful and eloquent meetings had been held .
the consequence of it is .
colonel forster believed that more than a thousand pounds would be necessary to clear his expences at brighton .
but the very imminence of the emergency paralyzed his invention .
`` oh !
while a painful silence reigned in the courtroom .
then a ghastly thought occurred to tom .
and so extremely accomplished for her age !
miss bennet .
though as it passed it seemed long .
drink , and sleep , and pursue the usual course of their employments .
more weighty accusation .
was more openly acknowledged .
and fearful of enquiries or hints from her uncle and aunt .
you would have laughed yourself out of it sooner .
has she any family ? ''
and determining when they should ask him to dinner .
and as soon as it is light the sheriff and a gang are going to beat up the woods .
and that i should be so reasonable as to admit it !
but it 's so dim , now . ''
he took huck to a lonely place to have a talk with him .
elizabeth hoped she had silenced him .
they were natural and just .
he imagined that the business which took him to london .
and it was not customary to venture much beyond this known portion .
tom came up to the fence and leaned on it .
but she did weep from vexation and envy .
and he put his face in his hands and rocked his body softly to and fro .
i must confess myself surprised by your application .
they ai n't anybody as polite as robbers .
turned himself as carefully as if he were a ship .
that it should be equally unreserved was impossible .
i should be sorry to think so ill of him , in the very beginning of our relationship . ''
i suppose , and that in the eye of a servant comprehends every virtue . ''
resolved on quitting netherfield you should be gone in five minutes .
`` they do , do they ? ''
they grew troubled and unhappy .
convinced that no country advice could be of any service .
my dear father .
tom's fright weakened every muscle in his body .
he comes down on thursday at the latest , very likely on wednesday .
`` oh !
my tom took and filled the cat full of pain-killer .
`` i should take him , even on my slight acquaintance , to be an ill-tempered man . ''
splendid property , noble kindred , and extensive patronage .
she was at least free from the offence of mr. darcy 's farther notice .
did n't gracie miller fall in the kitchen fire and burn herself terrible the very next saturday ? ''
`` i am perfectly convinced by it that mr. darcy has no defect .
mrs. bennet , with great civility , begged her ladyship to take some refreshment .
my goodness , i wish i was out of this ! ''
by and by .
i ai n't doing my duty by that boy , and that's the lord 's truth , goodness knows .
at length there was nothing more to be said .
mary wished to say something very sensible , but knew not how .
and he went through the motions of thrashing an imaginary boy .
you see .
`` what 's a yew bow ? ''
after a longer irritation than usual about netherfield and its master , she could not help saying , `` oh !
and i dare say it would succeed , if miss de bourgh were out of the way .
i declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading !
ai n't he played me tricks enough like that for me to be looking out for him by this time ?
that she had caught a violent cold , and that they must endeavour to get the better of it .
and the week preceding it .
to forgive all the petulance and acrimony of her manner in rejecting him .
who is more than ten years my junior .
'' by a succession of mere baby words .
i understand you perfectly . ''
the acknowledged favourite of my father .
`` i 'm agreed .
when she came to that part of the letter in which her family were mentioned .
& c. '' `` well .
`` and i am glad to find that you do not depend on her serving you . ''
`` and then there was a whole lot of talk 'bout dragging the river for us .
at present .
but the boys could not determine what the men in them were doing .
but the girl was not hypercritical .
`` you look pale .
sputtering , laughing , and gasping for breath at one and the same time .
the chimney crumbled to ruin , the window-sashes vacant , a corner of the roof caved in .
`` well , and so we breakfasted at ten as usual .
they were too hungry to stop to fish .
when she read with somewhat clearer attention .
yes .
it ai n't for me .
and his intrigues , all honoured with the title of seduction , had been extended into every tradesman 's family .
with no shelter over his homeless head .
her liveliness had been never worse timed .
what 's that ? ''
it 's hid in mighty particular places , huck .
wherever he meets him , and then he will be killed , and what is to become of us all ?
vain and useless her affection for his sister and her praise of himself .
perhaps up in one of the trees making a speech to the little birds .
hive them in the cave till they raise a ransom . ''
nothing can be said in her defence .
which the other as politely and more earnestly negatived , she seated herself .
with great condescension , wished them a good journey , and invited them to come to hunsford again next year .
he sought ben rogers , and found him visiting the poor with a basket of tracts .
there was another pause , and then the judge arrived and the sheriff proclaimed the opening of the court .
anybody that 'll take a dare will steal sheep . ''
was all gospel to her .
i reckon we are going there . ''
thought was soon busy .
he only meant that there were not such a variety of
she started homeward , now , intending to find tom and tell him .
the boy looked wild enough , for he was badly scared .
my dear aunt .
here .
`` what !
therefore say nothing about it , ) your uncle would most readily have settled the whole .
every girl in , or near meryton , was out of her senses about him for the first two months .
i do think it is the hardest thing in the world .
he was careful to keep from becky what it was he had seen .
`` i believe , ma'am , i may safely promise you never to dance with him . ''
charlotte the wife of mr. collins , was a most humiliating picture ! .
what if he means us , huck ! ''
but as to your other objection , i am afraid it will hardly hold good .
but i do not know when that will be .
`` eliza bennet .
whether they were older or younger than herself .
kitty was too much afraid of him to talk .
he imagined he was succeeding , and yet the tittering continued .
and not many in which his wife did not think it necessary to go likewise .
`` last night you said , 'it's blood , it 's blood , that 's what it is ! '
so we crept along on tiptoe till we got within fifteen feet of them .
allowed room only for the stream , and a narrow walk amidst the rough coppice-wood which bordered it .
next the ghastly ticking of a death-watch in the wall at the bed 's head made tom shudder .
by this time everything was ready and the boys entered the hole , tom in the lead .
however .
pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves , vanity to what we would have others think of us . ''
the adoration that shone upon him out of poor becky 's eyes seemed pay enough for a hundred floggings .
billy , got a yaller ticket ? ''
look !
it gives me pain to speak ill of a darcy .
nor could i think well of the man who should omit an occasion
will be injurious to the fortunes of all the others .
you know not what you are about . ''
fly away home .
and .
injun joe 's : `` damn her , maybe she 's got company .
he gathered quite a following of lads interested in the exhibition .
`` i bet i will !
`` i judged so .
bury it again ? ''
for the glory and the eclat that came with it .
`` and i certainly never shall give it .
mrs. bennet 's best comfort was , that mr. bingley must be down again in the summer .
and had a few minutes ' conversation with charlotte , but was scarcely ever prevailed on to get out .
he seldom appeared really animated .
his faith was weakening .
and few domestics .
`` her not objecting , does not justify him .
we had better not mention it .
he said as little as he had ever been in the habit of saying .
to shield him from the frequent notice of either .
on his returning to netherfield .
the night was growing cloudy and dark .
and could observe the three ladies before her composedly.. lady catherine was a tall .
`` theirs. ``
her aunt assured her that she was .
we passed each other several times .
with no other delay than his pointing out the neatness of the entrance , taken into the house .
they were all sent to one of the windows .
and she was quite glad to find herself at the gate in the pales opposite the parsonage .
and jane more especially .
`` with three younger sisters grown up .
to have a daughter well married .
`` what a charming amusement for young people this is , mr. darcy ! .
however .
as the service proceeded .
well , jim wanted to do it , but she would n't let him .
the horror of utter darkness reigned !
`` it is mighty curious , huck .
and finding herself at last within view of the house .
that he is as false and deceitful , as he is insinuating . ''
it was budding homesickness .
say .
would marry lydia on so slight a temptation as one hundred a-year during my life .
he had also contrived to catch a few bats .
that it is very improbable they should meet at all , unless he really comes to see her . ''
that he was not a good-tempered man , had been her firmest opinion .
`` what did you say of me , that i did not deserve ?
what business with fresh earth on them ?
the tittering rose higher and higher .
the headway ran almost out , and he drew up slowly toward the sidewalk .
treat took to itself when it came without sin through virtuous effort .
those weaknesses which often expose a strong understanding to ridicule . ''
`` it was greatly my wish that he should do so .
oh !
they were eloquent in their distress .
before , but now it did not strike him so .
`` do you certainly leave kent on saturday ? ''
but diffuseness and warmth remained for bingley 's salutation .
but if you are really innocent and ignorant , i must be more explicit .
too , but he resisted and lay still .
who quarrelled with no compliments .
and in a few moments after seated with the rest of the party .
they are descended on the maternal side , from the same noble line .
she longed to see mrs. philips .
and lydia .
or procuring any thing you had a fancy for ? ''
even when all his debts are discharged , to settle on my niece , in addition to her own fortune .
than the first vehemence of her disapprobation .
so they stood .
he was moving that way .
the stillness was complete again , too .
and be as seed sown in fertile ground , yielding in time a grateful harvest of good .
`` i am very glad to hear such a good account of her , '' said lady catherine .
have you had any flirting ?
to have some other point on which her wishes and hopes might be fixed .
found nobody at large there .
`` it ai n't a lie , auntie .
and their heads so close together over the book .
`` yes .
`` i beg your pardon .
now , so handsomely was his imagination working , and so his groans had gathered quite a genuine tone .
therefore .
when thus accosted by miss bingley , `` i can guess the subject of your reverie . ''
she will be taken good care of .
there 's no hurry . ''
tom called : `` hold !
we 'll wait .
no , no , let me shift for myself .
and let them blame him for the consequences .
the deep stillness of the place laid a clammy hand upon the spirits of the children .
he has the promise of an ensigncy in general .
`` she is abominably rude to keep charlotte out of doors in all this wind .
it meant that somebody 's days were numbered .
for on first hearing it , mrs. bennet sat quite still , and unable to utter a syllable .
and he first called in gracechurch-street the evening before i came home .
she had gained her point , and had time to consider of it .
`` i never heard any thing so abominable .
it might seem as if she had purposely thrown herself in his way again !
`` has your governess left you ? ''
in no countenance was attentive curiosity so strongly marked as in miss bingley 's .
'' said he , `` i 've thought it all over , and i do n't like it .
skiffs were manned .
for they shall .
i do not at all comprehend her reason for wishing to be intimate with me .
she could not win him , however , to any conversation .
`` such as vanity and pride . ''
stand by that stage , now .
and now he 's afraid to come to church .
welded together with a thin mortar of originality .
please !
but no dog .
he noticed that they seemed curiously subdued and far away .
in that he imagined that all references to '' hundreds ''
but it will have no effect on me . ''
you know him too well to doubt the rest .
`` i am glad you are come , for there is such fun here ! .
tom sawyer came forward with nine yellow tickets .
and he and tom could seize the gold that night without any trouble or any fear of interruption .
sid appeared .
or you may send them by themselves .
and such things may come out , as will shock your relations to hear . ''
and at home she had a mother and sister whose constant repinings at the dulness of every thing around them .
the supposition did not pain her .
miss elizabeth .
among them the widow douglas , and noticed that groups of citizens were climbing up the hill .
moved on a piece , then stopped altogether .
and i do n't want 'em souring on me and doing me mean tricks .
taciturn disposition .
in the course of it aunt polly said : `` well .
`` what ai n't a dream ? ''
assisted by the attractions of miss darcy and the amusements of london .
by tea-time however the dose had been enough .
`` a little . ''
`` but the wife of mr. darcy must have such extraordinary sources of happiness necessarily attached to her situation .
and by and by somebody finds an old yellow paper that tells how to find the marks .
too much , i am afraid .
and till the morrow , their going was deferred .
`` no '' .
`` you may , in fact , carry a very favourable report of us into hertfordshire , my dear cousin .
i think we may flatter ourselves that your hunsford visit can not have been entirely irksome .
at last she grew entirely miserable and wished she had n't carried it so far .
and she blushed as she answered .
`` what is it , tom ? ''
but that , in this instance , fame had fallen short of the truth .
`` so true ! ''
so it was not long before they were stripped .
it does not necessarily follow that a deep .
why .
and adorned with wreaths and festoons of foliage and flowers .
but without mentioning names or any other particulars .
and how she almost died for joy when she had groped
and that she had never seen him so pleasant as this morning .
elizabeth 's mind was too full for conversation .
for he was no more to blame than she , she said .
the astonishment of the ladies was just what he wished .
he started off to visit huck .
that their brother is happy with me .
madam , speak lower.. what advantage can it be to you to offend mr. darcy ? .
somebody told .
was hurt and distressed to a most painful degree by a distinction so ill applied .
she was now .
he meant to provide for me amply , and thought he had done it .
a furtive glance told her worlds .
where you see one of them blue lights flickering around .
he immediately offered to fetch her others .
made another , and another .
she might occasionally spend a morning with her , without any danger of seeing him .
monday , november 18th .
which was the more probable from the time of year .
it does not appear to me that my hand is unworthy your acceptance .
you are a gentleman 's daughter .
tom soon found himself tormented with a desire to drink and swear .
they turn cold on thee ! ''
what a blamed lot of fools we are !
and where she had lately learned that some acquaintance still remained .
i hardly know how mr. collins was first introduced to her notice .
in due course the superintendent stood up in front of the pulpit .
she is unfortunately of a sickly constitution .
i 'll stick to the widder till i rot , tom .
`` well , and what news does it bring ?
as the twilight drew on .
for mr. gardiner .
but then i have always supposed it to be my own fault .
`` if we can only get to the old tannery before we break down ! ''
you send me full powers to act in your name .
it 's all owing to the precious sunday-school privileges of my boyhood .
and till we know that they are not married .
and really , all things considered , i begin to think it perfectly reasonable .
his soul was at peace .
when they approached her .
the want of connection could not be so great an evil to my
i would go and see her , if i could have the carriage . ''
`` and that , '' said mrs. reynolds , pointing to another of the miniatures , '' is my master .
she was tempted .
by this time he was far down meadow lane .
when she is secure of him .
`` i have not seen her for many years .
curiosity in the poor little shabby village of st. petersburg .
`` i have been thinking it over again .
ai n't you and the widow good friends ? ''
`` you are quite a visit in my debt .
`` yes , i have had a letter from him by express . ''
what would have been her sensations ?
having been frequently in company with him since her return , agitation was pretty well over .
by his behaviour to his cousin , for whom he was evidently destined by lady catherine .
`` no , '' said colonel fitzwilliam , `` that is an advantage which he must divide with me .
but sid slept on unconscious .
no look appeared on either side that spoke particular regard .
lively , now ! ''
`` have the which ? ''
what have you got to say in behalf of the interested
she likes to have the distinction of rank preserved . ''
and moved irresolutely about , sighing once or twice and glancing furtively and wistfully toward tom .
was not long enough to determine her feelings towards one in that mansion .
who was apparently on his deathbed and would have a big public funeral .
in a lucid interval , huck feebly led up to the subject of taverns , and finally asked .
tom was trembling from head to foot with excitement and a sense of the hopelessness of the situation .
you know pretty well , i suppose , what has been done for the young people .
and tom whispered : `` huckleberry , what do you reckon 'll come of this ? ''
`` i should never have said mrs. collins was settled near her family . ''
by and by their pulses slowed down .
their attention was suddenly drawn to the window , by the sound of a carriage .
`` why , no . ''
openly .
and she parted from him convinced .
fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow . ''
your mother wo n't know , and so what 's the harm ?
at his being now seeking the acquaintance of some of those very people .
he even looked at her with a smile of affected incredulity .
for the time and the place and the pervading solemnity and silence oppressed their spirits .
i dream about it most every night myself .
this time it 's for the welshman and his sons .
and that every morning would bring some letter .
you can have no reason to suppose he will make an offer to me . ''
maybe , but he do n't allow me to tell his name .
with vexed and embarrassed looks .
we must not all expect jane 's good fortune . ''
did not in taking place , bring all the satisfaction she had promised herself .
for the length of the letter convinced her that it did not contain a denial .
huck would answer .
`` does not think so ill of wickham , as to believe him capable of the attempt . ''
`` how can you contrive to write so even ? ''
no sound .
indulge your imagination in every possible flight which the subject will afford .
if we was to squeak 'bout this and they did n't hang him .
and put your hearts in it ! ''
the satisfaction of prevailing on one of the most worthless young men in great britain to be her husband .
the boys were there that night , about the appointed time .
the entertainment of dining at rosings was repeated about twice a week .
but i can assure the young ladies that i come prepared to admire them .
`` i have heard , indeed , that she is uncommonly improved within this year or two .
which he never failed coming to inform them of , though it happened almost every day .
where one of them is desired by the other to change a resolution of no very great moment .
they felt cowardly and treacherous to the last degree when potter
he only looked doubtful and perplexed .
then talking in a low tone .
the mouth of the cave was up the hillside .
nothing less than a great , magnificent inspiration .
i know you will contrive it all . ''
'' she added , `` in a great measure , to his kindness .
`` what , is he coming home , and without poor lydia ! ''
tom watched his opportunity and went to the little grated jail-window and smuggled such
when it 's finished .
how do you cure 'em with dead cats ? ''
she felt a solicitude on the subject which convinced her .
and mr. collins .
the acquaintance would now be renewed .
in a voice of forced calmness .
he promised to abstain from smoking , chewing , and profanity as long as he remained a member .
and she was too much engaged in pointing out to her husband all the interesting spots in its environs .
more thoughtfulness , and less anxiety to please than when they last met , were plainly expressed .
it was simply preposterous that this boy had warehoused two thousand sheaves of scriptural wisdom on his premises .
lord bless me !
and she called at longbourn rather oftener than usual to say how happy she was .
so , it will be impossible for her to introduce him , for she will not know him herself . ''
elizabeth immediately recognising the livery .
girls , can i do any thing for you in meryton ?
it can not be .
said he .
being well aware that a serious dispute must be the consequence of any reply .
he was always the first boy that went barefoot in the
i will not spend my hours in running after my neighbours every time they go away .
they do n't forget him , says i , 'and i do n't forget them . '
his formal civility was just what it had been .
when it 's too late .
he noticed , too , that tom never acted as a witness .
it would ha'nt the place where he died .
`` i reckon maybe we 'll tackle the old tree that 's
with a strong desire tugging at his heart to yield his pride and go along too .
with a choking sensation in his throat .
tom contrived to scarify the cupboard with it .
and tom tried to think of some way of comforting her .
`` having thus offered you the sincere congratulations of mrs. collins and myself on this happy event .
our small rooms .
that 's a good boy .
at last the sleepy atmosphere was stirred .
but it was a hope shortly checked by other considerations .
by and by the tempest spent itself and died without accomplishing its object .
the former of whom was engaged in listening to lady catherine .
black-eyed .
he knows that would be a disgrace to a pirate .
let me mend it for you .
not to pain me by thinking that person to blame , and saying your opinion of him is sunk .
a phrenologist and a mesmerizer came .
i should have great pleasure , i am sure , in obliging the company with an air .
and kill anybody and all his family that hurts one of the gang . ''
when darcy returned to the saloon .
their other aunt also visited them frequently .
everything was dismally still .
pale and haggard .
`` certainly not . ''
and they all looked so long that they came near letting
and he looked at her with an expression of mingled incredulity and mortification .
if it had been sid , she would have had no misgivings to alloy her delight .
and reconciling herself as well as she could .
`` yes .
`` i dono .
the world has been deceived in that respect .
`` is this a hint to me .
and soon laying it wholly aside .
lady catherine seemed quite astonished at not receiving a direct answer .
the groans ceased and the pain vanished from the toe .
you will not .
for about three years i heard little of him .
do n't you stir nor budge .
who .
`` kitty has no discretion in her coughs , '' said her father .
openness .
`` i did come .
`` pray tell your sister that i long to see her . ''
it gratified all the vicious vanity that was in him .
one evening , `` by telling me , that he was totally ignorant of my being in town last spring !
and whether she wished or feared it most , she could scarcely determine .
on seeing bingley join the group.. `` and i doubt not that you are an adept in the science yourself .
you are determined to ruin him in the opinion of all his friends .
was capable of a turn which must make him entirely blameless throughout the whole .
and making her sister the excuse .
and mr. bennet was glad to take his guest into the drawing-room again .
had a fortune of twenty thousand pounds .
becky almost smiled .
which was said to have a tin roof .
at length darcy spoke .
and he exclaimed : `` boys , i know who 's drownded .
but at least it shews , that she was serious in the object of her journey .
a fine countenance , a good figure , and very pleasing address .
but he certainly has not known her long . ''
presently a great jet of white smoke burst from the ferryboat 's side .
these four evenings have enabled them to ascertain that they both like vingt-un better than commerce .
fixed there by the keenest of all anguish .
he curled down in the weeds and soon began to snore .
`` sure he will not leave london before he has found them .
the stranger of the haunted house .
but she could not have supposed it possible that when called into action .
i hai n't slid on a cellar-door for .
it was borne in the latter with decent philosophy .
and from our connection with rosings .
it was exactly a scene .
for the young man wanted only regimentals to make him completely charming .
in terms of grateful acknowledgment for the kindness of his brother .
presently he listened again .
he believed he had taxed the forbearance of the powers above
mrs. hill began instantly to express her joy .
`` i am now convinced , my dear aunt , that i have never been much in love .
that 'll do .
she anticipated what would be felt in the family when her situation became known .
most of the characters that perform in this book still live , and are prosperous and happy .
it was broad daylight before he found himself fairly abreast the island bar .
as mr. wickham and the officers , mr. collins seemed likely to sink into insignificance .
their island where there 's ghosts and things to watch it .
he was full of joy and attention .
his sister as to prove him capable of some amiable feeling .
for he wanted the school to make a good showing on `` examination '' day .
and , to my certain knowledge , more than one young lady was sitting down in want of a partner .
and so far from going away , turned back with them , and entered into conversation with mr. gardiner .
tom whistled twice more .
red hot !
and as i come back , i can call on lady lucas and mrs. long .
and happily i am not in such circumstances as to make five shillings any object .
as all the celebrated beauties of matlock , chatsworth , dovedale , or the peak .
in her ladyship 's apprehension .
jane was anxious that no difference should be perceived in her at all .
but everybody was talking , and intent upon the grisly spectacle before them .
since her being at lambton , she had heard that miss darcy was exceedingly proud .
`` my dearest child , '' she cried , `` i can think of nothing else !
however , this time he was really interested for a little while .
joe 's knife struck upon something .
i do think mrs. long is as good a creature as ever lived .
your uncle ! .
or violently delighted with it .
under the roof vast knots of bats had packed themselves together , thousands in a bunch .
my aunt philips came to longbourn on tuesday , after my father went away .
and read great books , and make extracts . ''
and .
`` if it was to be secret , '' said jane , `` say not another word on the subject .
mary could never spare time , but the remaining five set off together .
jane instantly gave a look at elizabeth .
because we shall see the less of him .
she should see that he could be as indifferent as some other people .
darting from her seat as she finished the letter .
the bride and her mother could neither of them talk fast enough .
elizabeth took the letter from his writing table , and they went up stairs together .
she could perceive that the chief of it was overheard by mr. darcy , who sat opposite to them .
she had thought that of course tom had deserted long ago .
the result of the ceaseless water-drip of centuries .
if she heard me , it was by good luck , for i am sure she did not listen .
'' said mr. bennet .
they are not married , nor can i find there was any intention of being so .
their fortune on both sides is splendid .
.
he knew that in her heart his aunt was on her knees to him .
`` when i consider .
let her be an active .
i am sure she can have no objection.. come , kitty , i want you up stairs . ''
has proceeded from a faulty degree of indulgence .
`` blame it , a body ca n't be too careful , huck .
as if it war n't anything .
consider mr. collins 's respectability , and charlotte 's prudent , steady character .
as the great day approached , all the tyranny that was in him came to the surface .
now you tell me how bob tanner done it , huck . ''
'' replied darcy .
it would be better for the neighbourhood that he should give up the place entirely .
but , lizzy , this must go no farther than yourself , or jane at most .
`` why , i never see anything like it .
do n't say anything about it .
to be sure london was rather thin , but however the little theatre was open .
rest and sleep will fetch you out all right , i hope . ''
`` but what is to be done about pemberley ? ''
as sufficiently marked how well she was satisfied with the occurrences of the evening.. elizabeth instantly read her feelings .
and i'm afeard to turn around , becuz maybe there 's others in front a-waiting for a chance .
and found that the chimney-piece alone had cost eight hundred pounds .
because with such an husband , her misery was considered certain .
mamma , do the people here abouts know i am married to-day ?
could he expect to be noticed again by the regiment , after such an affront to colonel forster ?
though what she chiefly wished to hear she could not hope to be told .
because if liable to such defects of temper , she could not contribute much to my felicity . ''
i 'd druther they was devils a dern sight .
she went straight off and told tom about it .
this was something like cutting off retreat .
one of 'em is , anyway .
`` i am glad i bought my bonnet , if it is only for the fun of having another bandbox !
and they listened moodily till at last they saw the `` point '' he was driving at .
they were of course all intending to be surprised .
in fact .
she will soon be beyond the reach of amendment .
so easily falls in love with a pretty girl for a few weeks .
the poor morsel of food only whetted desire .
colonel fitzwilliam .
from their recent absence .
the other boys agreed that there was reason in what tom said .
without being informed that she was very accomplished . ''
but his visit was long enough to convince him of his daughter 's being most comfortably settled .
and finally hit upon that of professing to be fond of pain-killer .
`` go away yourself ! ''
there was a buzz of gratification from time to time during the reading .
'' and of having his treasure to astonish becky and the picnickers with , next day .
`` yes , you know enough of my frankness to believe me capable of that .
even if you did n't do it . ''
they contained no actual complaint .
or endeavour to involve him in an affection which the want of fortune would make so very imprudent .
joe , i never meant to .
catherine was disconcerted , and made no answer .
but there was no whispering in the house .
you 'll be a great man and a good man yourself .
why call tom now ?
and presently the people began to gather for the morning sermon .
replied thus .
`` holler 'nuff ! `` .
`` why , yes , i did . ''
was a patched-up business , at the expence of your father and uncles .
they said their prayers inwardly .
as she was sitting with her two elder sisters .
as for your elizabeth 's picture .
and therefore i shall not take him at his word about fishing .
as for my fair cousins .
and he was more communicative , and less eccentric than the other had ever seen him .
noble lady whom i have the honour of calling patroness .
near at hand .
i hope at least he has not deceived us .
she was convinced that his attention was invariably fixed by her .
huck 's eyes glowed .
mr. collins devoted his mornings to driving him out in his gig , and shewing him the country .
`` i can answer your question , '' said fitzwilliam , `` without applying to him .
but you ca n't see 'em .
she observed , `` how very suddenly you all quitted netherfield last november , mr. darcy !
but i 'll take it out of her . ''
and a sure'nough sword , and a red necktie and a bull pup , and get married . ''
relate an anecdote with humour , and laugh at their acquaintance with spirit .
and remembered with grief that at the time they occurred they had seemed rank rascalities .
they gained steadily on it .
i hardly know what i would write .
`` lizzy is only headstrong in such matters as these .
her for half an hour without once opening his lips . ''
she saw him start at this .
i have scarcely any hesitation in saying that she will include you and my
`` ah !
which i believe i ought to have made long ago .
but the life had gone out of the picnic , now , and out of everything else .
jane resolutely kept her place at the table .
i felt nothing but surprise . ''
but it do n't amount to anything now .
tom thought , grating his teeth .
from this day you must be a stranger to one of your parents.. your
in town i believe he chiefly lived .
mellow almost to the verge of geniality .
`` no , i do n't care for rats much , anyway .
their indignation would hardly have found expression in their united volubility .
i hope your plans in favour of the .
would to heaven that any thing could be either said or done on my part .
she danced next with an officer .
`` you doubt me , '' cried jane , slightly colouring .
at present .
but amongst other causes of disquiet .
well , well , i only hope it will last .
it ai n't anything at all .
`` 'deed it would , joe .
and the women 's always beautiful , too .
could there be finer symptoms ?
hurried into the vestibule .
how can it affect them ? ''
though i thought it would be very good fun if i was . ''
in the intervals of her discourse with mrs. collins .
when he had finished .
whispered tom .
but it appeared to her so just a picture of mr. darcy .
what was cruelty to a cat might be cruelty to a boy , too .
shortly .
all who got this vague hint were cautioned to `` be mum and wait . ''
that till the netherfield family had quitted the country , he had told his story to no one but herself .
as the scripture says , and i reckon it 's so .
found additional anguish as she reflected on that wretched business .
and all mr. collins 's scruples of leaving mr. and mrs. bennet
as well as her sister .
and he was like all boys of his age and station in life .
but he had never seen any thing but affability in her .
but while he was mortal , there must be a triumph .
within two minutes , or even less , he had forgotten all his troubles .
and am entitled to know all his dearest concerns . ''
`` well .
the more diligent to avoid betraying that he knew she was about .
`` tom , it 's a cross ! ''
it had a crazy board fence around it .
apologising instead of attending .
`` say it again , tom . ''
within was a small chamber .
and i 've got the keys . ''
without doubt , that was it , he reasoned .
i shall be miserable if i have not an excellent library . ''
i 'm glad to see him , poor motherless thing ! ''
and it was most acceptable as an occasion of introducing him to her father and mother .
`` you bet you that 's so , mary .
`` i confess .
by our relationship .
and miss de bourgh exerted herself so far as to curtsey and hold out her hand to both .
why , you ai n't in your right mind . ''
he sprang away and sped down the hill as fast as his legs could carry him .
which proved that the former had , from her heart , given up the acquaintance .
what news ?
with a formal wave of the hand .
what carriage her father kept , and what had been her mother 's maiden name ? .
and instantly set out to meet him accidentally in the lane .
they were missed .
but his success is not perhaps to be wondered at .
elizabeth blushed and blushed again with shame and vexation .
when he saw two long tails of yellow hair hanging down
excuse me .
adding , `` i may thank you , eliza , for this piece of civility .
and it had been recognized by somebody as belonging to muff potter .
as to how the others might look upon a return to civilization .
who should do it but her own uncle ?
in the summer , because the privilege costs them considerable money .
tom 's mind was made up now .
the most balefully interesting object they had ever looked upon .
that ai n't no bull harbison ! ''
only last saturday my joe busted a firecracker right under my nose and i knocked him sprawling .
`` are you consulting your own feelings in the present case .
bosh !
but she fled upstairs , nevertheless , with sid and mary at her heels .
`` that is a failing indeed ! `` .
chattering all the time about tom 's stupendous plan and admiring the genius of it .
she rated his abilities much higher than any of the others .
`` i do not at all know .
that the proprietor of the temperance tavern kept liquor on his premises .
`` your first position is false .
they say a stray dog come howling around johnny miller's house .
so the talk ran on .
they entered it in one of its lowest points .
which it is not worth while to relate .
they were dances of mortification .
`` it 's just the life for me , '' said tom .
his character is thereby complete . ''
`` take the witness . ''
`` when my brother left us yesterday .
to whose inquiry after the pleasantness of her last partner she had scarcely replied .
importance may sometimes be purchased too dearly .
with these rooms i might now have been familiarly acquainted !
in the absence of jane , he always attached himself to elizabeth , for the pleasure of talking of her .
he could tell her nothing new of the wonders of his presentation and knighthood .
the officers may not be so pleasant in general .
'' and `` charming .
it ain't a millionth part of it !
and she would .
prisoners exchanged , the terms of the next disagreement agreed upon , and the day for the necessary battle appointed .
i would not have put up with it .
said huck , ploughing among the tarnished coins with his hand .
the current drift them out of the range of the island .
`` yes !
this voice made the boys gasp and quake .
i knew you would be wishing me joy . ''
and elizabeth was then hoping to be soon joined by him .
the rest of the evening passed with the appearance .
the master .
lady catherine seemed pleased .
`` no , indeed , i did not.. i knew nothing at all of lady catherine's connections .
of happiness which she might in future be able to dispense .
the other pirates were looking their last , too .
it became the absorbing topic of village talk immediately .
i should be glad to take a turn in it , if you will favour me with your company . ''
joe 's comrade said : `` we 'll make quick work of this .
and i know it , tom . ''
what he means to do , i am sure i know not .
in her anxious interpretation .
especially when a certain desirable event .
but no sooner had he made it clear to himself and his
and after all , mrs. long and her nieces must stand their chance .
kind of young man to get into a scrape of that sort .
and he took the opportunity of paying the parting civilities which he deemed indispensably necessary .
mary gave him a tin basin of water and a piece of soap .
and heard joe say : `` no , tom 's true-blue , huck , and he 'll come back .
however .
never mind .
and some time when they're around .
but do you see that white place up yonder where there 's been a landslide ?
`` s , h , a. ``
in spite of all miss bingley 's witticisms on fine eyes .
good friendly faces .
was enough .
but she soon saw that her friend had an excellent reason for what she did .
to come to rosings every day , and play on the piano-forte in mrs. jenkinson 's room .
`` whether mrs. collins has yet expressed her sense of your kindness in coming to us .
and much self-gratulation on the prospect of a connection between the houses , he unfolded the matter , .
'bout midnight , as much as two weeks ago .
with the air of one whose heart was busy with heavier woes and wholly dead to trifles .
charlotte herself was tolerably composed .
might then have rested in its proper place .
and mrs. collins did not think it right to press the subject .
to the young ladies he certainly was nothing .
and when we got to the george .
at night she opened her heart to jane .
but mars tom i 's powerful 'fraid ole missis. ``
where 'd you get him ? ''
they would have taken up their abode with her .
we 'll eat and smoke when we get to the skiff . ''
`` hang the boy , ca n't i never learn anything ?
and then we may consult together as to what is to be done . ''
you 'll come and live with me .
yet he felt obliged to speak up and say : `` answer the gentleman , thomas .
within a few minutes the news had spread .
there was nothing but dreariness left .
they shoved off , presently , tom in command , huck at the after oar and joe at the forward .
disposing himself upon his back , with his hands clasped upon his breast and holding his poor wilted flower .
i am not romantic you know .
unbutton your jacket ! ''
cried jane , `` what do you mean , sir ? ''
`` oh , no , now .
`` if your nephew does not object to them , they can be nothing to you . ''
or four miles .
to condole with you on the grievous affliction you are now suffering under .
from the pain of obligation , were proved beyond their greatest extent to be true !
he went to her and stood a moment , not knowing exactly how to proceed .
but to have company in misery seemed something to be grateful for .
and laws bless me .
you had better neglect your relations , than run the risk of offending your patroness . ''
but , stopping on his approach , received his compliments with an embarrassment impossible to be overcome .
colouring with astonishment and disdain , `` i wonder you took the trouble of coming so far .
and lizzy , and kitty , '' said mrs. bennet , `` to walk to oakham mount this morning .
and if my manner has been at all reprehensible , i here beg leave to apologise . ''
`` and this is your real opinion !
at present , however , i consider myself as quite fixed here . ''
mr. darcy corroborated it with a bow .
which charlotte explained by letting them know that the whole party was asked to dine at rosings the next day .
she could listen .
`` at last i am able to send you some tidings of my niece .
the boys were all eaten up with envy .
and as to his future situation , he could conjecture very little about it .
get your breakfast tomorrow morning ! ''
the tte--tte surprised them .
will not long bear the name of bennet .
he adhered most conscientiously to his book , and would not even look at her .
a mile and a half . ''
excellent parsonage house !
2 .
mrs. long told me last night that he sat close to
but the night remained clear .
and prepared in the highest spirits for the conquest of all that remained unsubdued of his heart .
her confidence gave way a little .
no mere ferule will answer for this offence .
jane had written to her since her being in kent .
she witched pap .
to see me and my family .
you know my mother 's ideas as to the necessity of constant company for her friends .
they were not the only objects of mr. collins 's admiration .
her performance was pleasing , though by no means capital .
we are not on friendly terms .
the housekeeper at netherfield had received orders to prepare for the arrival of her master .
but tom 's energy did not last .
vanity and pride are different things , though the words are often used synonimously .
i should have tried long ago to do something or other about it . ''
if she is half as sharp as her mother , she is saving enough .
a. ``
but nobody thinks of that when they fall in love . ''
she longed to speak , but could think of nothing to say .
in one corner they found a closet that promised mystery , but the promise was a fraud .
the widow said : `` i went to sleep reading in bed and slept straight through all that noise .
elizabeth looked expressively at lydia .
with many compliments to them .
the gentlemen pronounced him to be a fine figure of a man .
and then hope perished .
to fidget about in her chair , get up , sit down again , wonder , and bless herself .
i would n't give a dern for spunk-water . ''
by this time , but tom said he reckoned there was one thing they had not told him .
that however little of novelty could be added to their fears .
`` well , no .
you kep ' me a-meowing around till old hays went to
she must own that she was tired of great houses .
i do n't want nothing better ' n this .
`` ah , now you 're all right .
in his uneasiness huck found himself drawing closer and closer to the alley .
great connections , and pride . ''
and to confess the truth , we are scarcely less eager to meet her again .
but however , it may all come to nothing you know . ''
my manners .
huck followed .
but elizabeth still saw superciliousness in their treatment of every body .
still .
that such a consequence as this should ensue , you may easily believe was far enough from my thoughts . ''
`` you may well warn me against such an evil .
`` and do you impute it to either of those ? ''
how gloriously he would go plowing the dancing seas .
and on george wickham , who was his god-son , his kindness was therefore liberally bestowed .
i hope you have destroyed the letter .
he had looked at her without admiration at the ball .
both men presently fell to yawning , and injun joe said : `` i 'm dead for sleep !
that was agreeable .
and instead of being allowed to be of use to his niece .
that the miss bennets could not be at home half a day before they were in pursuit of the officers .
the latter was much more agreeable than his companion expected .
they were excessively sorry to go !
who had not the least inclination to remain with them , laughingly answered , `` no , no .
the widow douglas put huck 's money out at six per cent. .
she soon regained her composure .
in one place .
`` my fingers .
and in a constrained manner said .
the dinner was exceedingly handsome .
the petition had been largely signed .
`` oh , you do n't , do n't you ?
every body had been most kind and attentive to him .
by four o'clock .
that she recollected having heard mr. fitzwilliam darcy formerly spoken of as a very proud , ill-natured boy .
and since this sad affair has taken place , it is said , that he left meryton greatly in debt .
before going to bed .
you will not find him more favourably spoken of by any one . ''
but it is a pity you could be so hard-hearted as to let me suffer so .
here consequently was an inexhaustible subject of discourse .
it 's awful . ''
when breakfast was over , they were joined by the sisters .
grunted the `` deaf and dumb '' spaniard .
in my own opinion .
our situation with regard to lady catherine 's family is indeed
and had then crept through back lanes and alleys and finished their sleep
the memory of his humiliation in this angel 's garden .
and i may perhaps have sometimes spoken my opinion of him , and to him , too freely .
perhaps .
and the very circumstance which had been designed to turn his thoughts from elizabeth .
how shall we punish him for such a speech ? ''
the tick escaped from tom , presently , and crossed the equator .
will you ? ''
and in the evening elizabeth joined their party in the drawing-room .
.
and there do n't none come here but yourn .
`` there is also one other person in the party .
'' said mr. darcy , looking at the eldest miss bennet .
and depend upon it .
the boys cried out to each other , but the roaring wind and the booming thunderblasts drowned their voices utterly .
and he said with a disdain which he did not feel
daubed with clay , and entirely delighted with the success of the day .
the villagers began to gather , loitering a moment in the vestibule to converse in whispers about the sad event .
the sure fun of the evening outweighed the uncertain treasure .
and is , i really believe , truly amiable , be in friendship with such a man ?
she addressed a variety of questions to maria and elizabeth .
every view was pointed out with a minuteness which left beauty entirely behind .
or i may say , three very silly sisters .
only look at her .
`` then , who taught you ?
that the contentment arising from them , is not of philosophy , but what is much better , of ignorance .
lydia .
mr .
poor dear child !
and if he is attached to me , no other woman can secure it . ''
because they had for basis the excellent understanding .
but their progress was slow .
the chief of every day was spent by him at lucas lodge .
shook his head .
they would have been found to consist of a handful of real dimes and a bushel of vague .
do not think me obstinate if i still assert .
and so he `` looked his last '' with a broken and satisfied heart .
elizabeth smiled .
they made an imposing adventure of it , saying , `` hist ! ''
mr. darcy was almost as far from her , as the table could divide them .
they felt like heroes in an instant .
`` if i have , i shall be the last person to confess it . ''
'' said elizabeth , `` my mother 's purpose will be answered . ''
above respect and esteem , there was a motive within her of good will which could not be overlooked .
`` who told you so ! ''
`` i ai n't . ''
who would have thought it !
and a turning of the whole body when a side view was required .
`` pray let me hear what you have to accuse him of , '' cried colonel fitzwilliam .
it is admirable ! ''
why had he not been called .
what has she to do with it ?
elizabeth tried hard to dissuade him from such a scheme .
his sisters declared that they were miserable .
i am joined with him in the guardianship of miss darcy . ''
and holding out a letter .
and more in pity of himself than anybody else .
from thence to the library.. their father was in neither .
well .
tom wondered that joe had not recognized his voice and come over and killed him for testifying in court .
i 'm tom when i 'm good .
the health of a crack in the sitting-room floor with it .
you are all to come to pemberley at christmas .
the acknowledged lovers talked and laughed , the unacknowledged were silent .
said he .
the loss of her daughter made mrs. bennet very dull for several days .
she is very welcome .
do you reckon hoss williams hears us talking ? ''
she complained bitterly of all this to her husband .
he was humiliated and angry .
as they were at breakfast the next morning .
and in the same moment the clouds blotted out the dreadful spectacle
elizabeth was pleased to find his memory so exact .
since the disturbers of her brain were removed .
set off from b. intending to trace their route .
facing peril and death with dauntless heart , going to his doom with a grim smile on his lips .
`` oh , wo n't it be fun !
the pipe dropped from the fingers of the red-handed .
for the truth of every thing here related .
she looked perplexed for a moment .
he was not aware that the gently-snoring sid was awake , and had been so for an hour .
boy-like .
from the society of a man in any other colour .
and who had opportunities of seeing him in unguarded moments , which mr. darcy could not have .
threw aside her book , and cast her eyes round the room in quest of some amusement .
and on the gentlemen 's approaching .
and gave up the idea of trying to buy the boys .
my mind was more agreeably engaged .
if he did not do it , then the adventure would be proved to have been only a dream .
but here .
every eye fastened itself with wondering interest upon tom as he rose and took his place upon the stand .
on his approaching them soon afterwards .
who joined her with a cheerful look , which shewed her better satisfied with their visitors , than elizabeth .
and him so young and promising . ''
such amiable appearance as wickham.. the possibility of his having really endured such unkindness .
i was afraid they might not .
his sisters were fine women , with an air of decided fashion .
said huck , nearly fainting .
which he had already had the honour of preaching before her .
but it is so strange ! ''
received some assistance from her desire of getting rid of elizabeth .
but every body is to judge for themselves .
from elizabeth 's thoughts it was never absent .
to beg that the carriage might be sent for them in the course of the day .
i ca n't stand it .
they always hide it and leave it there . ''
this can not be ! .
we will go round the park every day .
at last the frantic sufferer sheered from its course , and sprang into its master 's lap .
but really considering his descent , one could not expect much better . ''
but had stood the test of many months suspense .
to the day of the ball .
as would be consistent with the true delicacy of the female character . ''
`` say ?
to be sure , you knew no actual good of me .
what a meeting for her , when she first sees my aunt ! ''
the whole party .
and in as tolerable spirits as could be expected , after the melancholy scene so lately gone through at rosings .
if not the only means of dividing them from each other .
tom had relapsed .
trying to fetch the other piece to it .
and fixed them on her face with a calm unconcern which was not in the least altered by her communication .
it don't work , tom .
met the children coming in an open carriage drawn by shouting citizens .
then he gave a low , distinct whistle .
everything 's so awful reg'lar a body ca n't stand it . ''
who was willing to take the lead in the matter .
he would be a pirate !
everybody was .
so easy , that every servant will cheat you .
yes .
seriously , however , she felt tolerably persuaded that all this must have taken place with that gentleman's concurrence .
but i am afraid of alarming you .
you might take and belt him over the head with a church and you could n't phase him .
self reproach , she could find no interval of ease or forgetfulness .
in lydia 's imagination , a visit to brighton comprised every possibility of earthly happiness .
whenever she did catch a glimpse .
they growled a response and went on digging .
is she handsome ? ''
they will learn to be contented , and we shall be on good terms again .
oh , good-licks .
whose endeavour to introduce some kind of discourse .
tom .
when she saw him thus civil .
when becky told her father .
round-topped , worm-eaten boards staggered over the graves , leaning for support and finding none .
and their uncle promised .
all rusty and gray , or rotten chest full of di'monds .
mr. collins .
and elizabeth began to like them herself , when she saw how much affection and solicitude they shewed for jane .
and darcy , after looking at her for a moment , turned silently away .
without a moment 's hesitation he ran to her and said : `` i acted mighty mean today .
'' thought elizabeth .
said she , as she looked in her face .
and punctually repeated all his wife 's offers of refreshment .
there was not much in the question .
mr. darcy with grave propriety requested to be allowed the honour of her hand .
the fresh-crowned hero fell without firing a shot .
sometimes his hopes ran high .
and you 'll say .
this is a pretty early tick , i reckon .
that he was so well convinced of lady catherine 's discernment
the story could not go much further without becoming the history of a man .
the darling of his desires was .
she then yawned again .
`` if they had uncles enough to fill all cheapside .
he was angry .
he now wished it more than ever .
generous , good man , i am afraid he has distressed himself .
his behaviour during the last day must have material weight in confirming or crushing it .
'twould ' a ' spoiled everything . ''
and began to read in a measured , solemn tone : `` a vision `` dark and tempestuous was night .
they would have given anything to have that swarthy sun-tanned skin of his , and his glittering notoriety .
pray , how violent was mr. bingley's love ? ''
the faces of both , however , were tolerably calm .
they all exclaimed against such terrific ideas .
and therefore started a subject in which he expected him to shine .
`` i forgive everybody , sid .
how 'd you feel to light on a rotten chest full of gold and silver .
the congregation became more and more moved .
and human experience referred to as `` life 's page , '' was up to the usual average .
'now i lay me down to sleep , i . ' ''
not too clever to be a valuable neighbour to mrs. bennet.. they had several children .
fears.. i did not believe her to be indifferent because i wished it.. i believed it on impartial conviction .
as indeed it was .
burst forth in such very direct questions on his return .
and called out to her , `` my dear miss eliza , why are not you dancing ? .
`` got it at last ! ''
`` you will not let me smile , and are provoking me to it every moment . ''
he moped to school gloomy and sad .
and started to slink away .
there is such an expression of goodness in his countenance !
she still expected that it would all end well .
mr. darcy replied with great intrepidity , `` miss elizabeth bennet . ''
a queen of beauty unadorned save by her own transcendent loveliness .
and then almost with one impulse the congregation rose and stared
down , down he sped , till he reached the welshman 's .
`` secret about what , sid ? ''
`` there , there , now , do n't begin that groaning again .
was about thirty , not handsome , but in person and address most truly the gentleman .
presently huck said : `` what does pirates have to do ? ''
he placed himself by her .
and for whose happiness she grew daily more anxious .
and the crash of an empty bottle against the back of his aunt 's woodshed brought him wide awake .
said huck .
but in vain .
foretopmaststuns ' l !
as the compliment deserved .
`` you were mr. bingley 's first choice . ''
lydia was lydia still .
and would not open his lips , till he believed himself to have attained it .
`` yes , i reckon that 's so . ''
but unluckily no one passed the windows now except a few of the officers .
his present pursuit could not make him forget that elizabeth had
and from impatience of knowing what the next sentence might bring .
had she not seen him in derbyshire .
`` tom , it might be dark then .
elizabeth was surprised , but said not a word .
that a single man in possession of a good fortune , must be in want of a wife .
so lately as mr. collins was wishing to marry you .
and though we know this anxiety to be quite needless .
but she could see it and write of it without material pain .
but the observation of a very few minutes convinced her , that she was only exceedingly shy .
when i come to ask for something to eat , and you said i war n't there for any good .
dismission from your daughter 's lips instead of your own .
she knew how little such a situation would give pleasure to either , or make either appear to advantage .
since you will not take comfort in mine .
`` oh , it 's all getting just as bright as day , now .
that i should never speak to you again , and you will find me as good as my word .
elizabeth tried to be diverted by them .
your 's , & c. '' mr. darcy 's letter to lady catherine , was in a different style .
but you are always giving her the preference . ''
and where she frequently went while the others were calling on lady catherine .
& c. & c.. and if she would give him leave .
and i should at this time have been in possession of a most valuable living .
lady catherine approached .
but i believe we must abide by our original plan . ''
was only recalled to a sense of her situation by the voice of her companion .
wished it a happier conclusion than there was at present reason to hope .
they 'll all say that .
he began to hate himself for throwing away the chance becky had offered for a reconciliation .
`` thank you .
he would start the very next morning .
upon the whole , i am much pleased with him . ''
a wonderful instance of advice being given on such a point , without being resented .
my dear sir .
it was acknowledged , however , that he was a liberal man , and did much good among the poor .
though at first unwillingly admitted , had for some time ceased to be repugnant to her feelings .
i am much more inclined than i was to judge as your eldest sister does of the matter .
i'm satisfied with it .
and however uncertain of giving happiness , must be their pleasantest preservative from want .
not always .
`` keep your opinion to yourself !
`` now .
they followed the servants through an anti-chamber .
that the wish of giving happiness to you .
no .
his ear .
`` but people themselves alter so much .
where the temptations must be greater than at home .
the prospect of the netherfield ball was extremely agreeable to every female of the family .
and enough was said of wishing them to stay at least till the following day to work on jane .
tom hinted at things he had to attend to .
the whole family in short were properly overjoyed on the occasion .
that little piece is our last candle ! ''
as he had been standing when he tossed the marble away .
tom 's `` real barlow '' was out at once .
`` one of them 's loose , and it aches perfectly awful . ''
still drifting along and talking .
then .
and is perfectly convinced that mr. wickham has deserved much less attention from mr. darcy than he has received .
she would have remained certain that all employment was impossible to one so wretched as herself .
it vexed her to see him expose himself to such a man .
[ profound distress overhead . ]
consider me as shewing any disrespect to your family .
and the weather was so fine for the time of year .
and .
go on , tom ! ''
she turned from sister to sister .
he enquired in a friendly .
she does not yet leave her dressing-room .
and none too soon .
`` your saying so do n't make it so . ''
as most people can boast on entering the marriage state . ''
the change was so great .
and though up , was very feverish and not well enough to leave her room .
and a cave .
elizabeth soon observed , and instantly understood it .
there was no procession in consequence .
there could not exist in the world two men , over whom mr. darcy could have such boundless influence .
why , tom , i know she is .
i'll never , never , never see him any more . ''
`` but you are not entitled to know mine .
then he comprehended .
and though the mother was found to be intolerable and the younger sisters not worth speaking to .
she looked , .
and entreating her to persuade her friend lizzy to comply with the wishes of all her family .
he certainly looked at her friend a great deal , but the expression of that look was disputable .
he began to think of the fun he had planned for this day , and his sorrows multiplied .
a favourite with her mother , whose affection had brought her into public at an early age .
in a few moments the master arrived and school `` took in . ''
now he found out a new thing .
but i hope this may be false . ''
there he had talked to her friends , when he could not to herself .
said jane.. `` i certainly saw mr. darcy speaking to her . ''
and thought it would be better to speak openly to her aunt , than to run such a risk .
but their removing from the chaise into an hackney coach is such a presumption !
with the mention of derbyshire , there were many ideas connected .
let 's hide the tools in the bushes . ''
the master , mr. dobbins , had reached middle age with an unsatisfied ambition .
`` but it is not in my power to accept it.. i must be in town next saturday . ''
than as it spared me the concern which i might have felt in refusing you .
and at length resolving to suppress every particular in which her sister was concerned .
can i be happy .
there was distraction in the thought .
`` i should like balls infinitely better .
i can not misunderstand you .
i will think no more about him . ''
on the contrary every particular relative to his sister .
went to the cell grating and gave potter some tobacco and matches .
`` thomas sawyer , this is the most astounding confession i have ever listened to .
she should undoubtedly see her daughter settled at netherfield , in the course of three or four months .
which must arise from the public notice of lydia 's unguarded and imprudent manner .
`` the letter shall certainly be burnt , if you believe it essential to the preservation of my regard .
if his notions of hidden treasure had been analyzed .
no answer .
who did call on him in her return through london .
but at last the battle was done .
a boy a shade larger than himself .
along with an improving lecture upon the added value and flavor a
and the great news was announced from headquarters .
and caring no more for us than if we were at york .
it 's the number of a room .
do you see that ?
a short dialogue on the subject of the country ensued , on either side calm and concise .
so they played robin hood all the afternoon .
only just giddy , and harum-scarum , you know .
and embracing her most tenderly .
whether he had been aware of jane 's attachment , or whether it had escaped his observation .
and that 's where you dig ! ''
but vanity .
she often tried to provoke darcy into disliking her guest .
as all conversation was thereby at an end , elizabeth soon afterwards left the room .
elizabeth hesitated .
`` i hope .
and i wonder how he came to make such an awkward business of it .
and you may depend upon my not taking so material a step without her ladyship 's concurrence . ''
in talking over their route the evening before , mrs. gardiner expressed an inclination to see the place again .
his character sunk on every review of it .
now .
but sidney said : `` well .
that 's long-suffering and merciful to them that believe on him and keep his word .
you can all go , if you want to .
'' cried darcy , as he walked with quick steps across the room , '' is your opinion of me !
had she still felt any .
you have no compassion on my poor nerves . ''
my dear mr. bennet .
and the door was on the point of being closed .
`` i see no occasion for that .
sound asleep on the floor , with his old patch on his eye and his arms spread out . ''
there 's some lucky days , maybe , but friday ai n't . ''
and in the morning had the pleasure of being able to send a tolerable answer
`` i never can be thankful , mr. bennet , for any thing about the entail .
`` well , i never said i was , did i ?
dat 's a mighty gay marvel , i tell you !
'' said darcy .
`` i must ask whether you were surprised ? ''
but when he went away .
how long has she been such a favourite ? .
her brother .
`` did charlotte dine with you ? ''
`` indeed and 'deed i did , auntie .
and wickham had constant admission to the house .
he said : `` tom , i wisht you 'd come , too .
yet she received them with tolerable ease .
`` it is nothing in comparison of rosings , my lady , i dare say .
though to the last always assuring his wife that he should not go .
`` what 's gone with that boy , i wonder ?
`` like it ?
so to speak .
and just then i found i was going to sneeze .
when the recollection of mr. darcy's sometimes coming there stopped her .
and the beautiful pyramids of grapes , nectarines , and peaches , soon collected them round the table .
the eldest of them , a sensible , intelligent young woman , about twenty-seven , was elizabeth 's intimate friend .
some says gal , some says girl .
`` huck , it 's in the cave ! ''
it should not be of my own however . ''
or at least do not punish me so far .
and accept my best wishes for your health and happiness . ''
and there relate her journey to longbourn , its motive , and the substance of her conversation with elizabeth .
and clad in the same old ruin of rags that had made
you can only hear something like the wind , or maybe hear 'em talk .
with a strong prejudice against every thing he might say .
people said it was heartbreaking to hear her call her child .
she could not imagine what business he could have in town so soon after his arrival in hertfordshire .
for he is a most disagreeable , horrid man , not at all worth pleasing .
you'll say .
you are to understand , miss bennet , that i came here with the determined resolution of carrying my purpose .
it ai n't a name to open many doors , i judge !
and all just fixed to rob .
there .
no sooner saw elizabeth open the door and with quick step pass her towards the staircase .
but they do n't come sliding around in a shroud .
`` i wish i might take this for a compliment .
he was caught by their easy playfulness .
elizabeth really believed all his expectations of felicity .
he 's on my side of the line , and you sha ' n't touch him . ''
she entered the room with an air more than usually ungracious .
and to complete the view .
were your friend lady catherine to know me .
`` yes , indeed .
i 've had dreams enough all night .
after listening one morning to their effusions on this subject .
like an old softy .
the agitation and tears which the subject occasioned , brought on a headache .
but hurrying instantly to her husband , called out as she entered the library , `` oh !
maybe she 'd like to try it once .
the garden sloping to the road .
it is only that he is blessed with greater sweetness of address .
with the subsidence of mr. walters ' voice .
his understanding and temper , though unlike her own , would have answered all her wishes .
now , what's that for ?
i 've took off thousands of warts off of my hands that way , huck .
.
but it was a sleep that was set on a hair-trigger .
that on his arrival .
the possibility of mr. collins 's fancying himself in love with her
she resolved to let him get whipped on the damaged spelling-book's account .
`` oh yes .
they shoot a cannon over the water , and that makes him come up to the top .
`` why , no !
he confessed himself obliged to leave the regiment .
said jane faintly smiling , .
he continued .
to see the `` spaniard '' take to his heels and get himself out of sight .
* * * * * they did not see the gentlemen again till tuesday .
he turned to his daughter and said , `` jane , i congratulate you .
only one bottle alongside of injun joe ain't enough .
tom 's whole class were of a pattern .
but do n't you tell . ''
he has not an ill-natured look .
`` all right .
no houses , no wood-yards , bushes all alike .
i hope you saw her petticoat , six inches deep in mud , i am absolutely certain .
economy , and other amiable qualifications . ''
his white handkerchief was hanging out of his pocket behind , as usual on sundays .
`` he is just what a young man ought to be .
mrs. bennet rejoiced to see jane in undiminished beauty .
elizabeth could not but smile at such a conclusion of such a beginning .
and even before two words have been exchanged .
but mr. gardiner could not be seen .
and it was some time before his daughters had courage to speak of it .
`` i am afraid i interrupt your solitary ramble , my dear sister ? ''
she wrote again when the visit was paid , and she had seen miss bingley .
through the assistance of servants .
but she implored him to come back every little while and speak to her .
`` well , i 'm agreed .
elizabeth jumped out .
`` yes , '' with a startled look .
but respecting his abilities .
little taint of chicken-hearted home-sickness clinging to his garments as he could .
we could n't get him out , tom .
singing was talked of .
the back door of that no .
and the attentions of their brother .
but that is what a governess will prevent .
elizabeth went away with her head full of him .
and then .
perhaps lizzy could tell us , what relations he has now living , better than any other person . ''
for she was tired , and knew she was going to die , and wanted to .
`` no indeed .
both fountains were going furiously and both pumps bailing with might and main .
`` neither do i , '' said tom .
he has children of his own , and may have more .
the power of displaying the grandeur of his patroness to his wondering visitors .
aunt polly asked him questions that were full of guile , and very deep .
perhaps she is full young to be much in company .
this hated splendor by trading tickets to tom for the wealth he had amassed in selling whitewashing privileges .
but as he was now provided with a good house and the liberty of a manor .
he watched where it stopped , and went there and looked .
spy around once more for a chance to get his revenge .
where they may each have a character to preserve , they will both be more prudent .
but all his encouragements were grown thread-bare with use , and sounded like sarcasms .
but you have chosen your fault well.. i really can not laugh at it .
we would n't have been there but for him . ''
the climbing fire lit up their faces and threw its ruddy glare upon the pillared tree-trunks of their forest temple .
`` it is a person whom i never saw in the whole course of my life . ''
yes , yes .
my good qualities are under your protection , and you are to exaggerate them as much as possible .
such a fool !
the boys in this town will take more trouble and fool away more time hunting up six bits ' worth
but to say the truth , i was too cross to write .
she urged jane to borrow mr. bingley 's carriage immediately .
to us .
no , i do n't , tom !
i got to ask to go a-fishing .
`` tom , i do n't like to fool around much where there 's dead people .
the handle of the telltale tea-spoon was visible under the bed-valance .
the less polished societies of the world.. every savage can dance . ''
however .
she added hot baths , sitz baths , shower baths , and plunges .
`` i. well , i do n't know .
and moving with his usual deliberation towards the piano-forte .
they had not long separated when miss bingley came towards her .
now you just take my sheer of it along with your ' n , and gim me a ten-center sometimes .
now the battle was at its highest .
with whom he kept up any connection , and it was certain that he had no near one living .
`` i understood that there were some very strong objections against the lady . ''
as being considered as intruding themselves needlessly long .
and when they had reached the carriage , mr. and mrs. gardiner were half a quarter of a mile behind .
the great foundation-beam of the door had been chipped and hacked through , with tedious labor .
was to bring an addition to the family at rosings , which in so small a circle must be important .
and while meryton was within a walk of longbourn , they would be going there for ever .
`` thank you , sir , but a less agreeable man would satisfy me .
and johnny miller .
i shall see her again ! .
which she would have described more fully .
that a handbreadth or so of it had escaped wetting .
she said .
and as it had been asked without the least suspicion , she was not distressed by his repeating it .
and shall make no demand of that nature on your father .
we 'll do that 'dangerous ' job after i've spied around a little and think things look well for it .
in reply to this question .
jim never got back with a bucket of water under an hour .
was an amiable , intelligent , elegant woman , and a great favourite with all her longbourn nieces .
`` well girls .
two of her girls had been on the point of marriage , and after all there was nothing in it .
`` oh , no , not tom .
the awe which these reflections inspired was attested by the impressive silence and the ranks of staring eyes .
it is not the object of this work to give a description of derbyshire .
by supposing such an affection , you make every body acting unnaturally and wrong , and me most unhappy .
secondly , that i am convinced it will add very greatly to my happiness .
the mayor and his wife .
he bore it however with admirable calmness .
under pretence of wanting something in an opposite shop .
gave her hand with an affectionate smile to wickham .
she finds miss pope a treasure .
she did indeed .
nothing , on the contrary , could be more natural .
suddenly there was a flash of light and tom came tearing by him : `` run ! ''
he 's a going up there .
`` now you 're talking !
but , however , do not speak to mr. darcy about it , if you had rather not .
and seemed almost angry to find that he had already been frequently seen by miss lucas and herself .
till you can prove , that you have spent ten minutes of every day in a rational manner . ''
and vigorously : the murder trial came on in the court .
come into my room . ''
shire were first quartered in meryton .
the power of doing any thing with quickness is always much prized by the possessor .
miss bingley was not so entirely satisfied with this reply as to continue the subject .
neither jane .
it is not necessary to set down the rest of the oration .
the hard lines in his aunt 's face relaxed and a sudden tenderness dawned in her eyes .
but was warned to keep still about his adventure and introduce no exciting topic .
but they were disappointed .
and his attachment to mr. wickham was to the last so steady .
oh , do n't .
and therefore felt for the awkwardness which must attend her sister .
the men would get away with the box and never be found again .
while poor huck stood abashed and uncomfortable .
mrs. bennet said only , `` nonsense , nonsense ! ''
while sir william was with them .
`` my object then .
he has also brotherly pride .
`` no , never budged .
he `` meow 'd '' with caution once or twice , as he went .
the good lady who shewed us the house , did give him a most flaming character !
and her calling here was prodigiously civil !
`` but so we all do .
not right now , but .
but with me , it is not so .
said tom .
he hoped that mary would forget his shoes , but the hope was blighted .
and displayed itself over their whole bodies .
that appears to relieve you a good deal .
there was a rustle in the gallery , which nobody noticed .
well .
for the officers of the government .
elizabeth felt all the impertinence of her questions .
yet in spite of all these temptations .
repeated miss bingley .
the ballroom has lost its charms .
but gracious me !
'' you 'd scarce expect one of my age to speak in public on the stage .
that 's the way joe harper does , and he 's been nearly to coonville and most everywheres .
the little gardiners .
he then recollected her embarrassment a few days before , on his reading mr. collins 's letter .
`` how nicely we are crammed in ! ''
and while she steadily repressed it .
brother 's fortune and their own had been acquired by trade .
what a pity it is , mamma , we did not all go . ''
without being alarmed on the score of the gentleman 's conduct .
worse ' n when we started here .
the rope and then said : `` now the cussed thing 's ready .
be soon married to mr. bingley.. it was an animating subject .
`` it 's all the same , i reckon .
i might sit by you , and admire the evenness of your writing , as another young lady once did .
`` oh , no ! ''
you were. ``
darcy ? ''
d'you ever try it ? ''
and was arranging to begin on the bureau , when he was called off to dress for sunday-school .
and in her air altogether , there is a self-sufficiency without fashion , which is intolerable . ''
`` sh !
the possibility of meeting mr. darcy , while viewing the place , instantly occurred .
with anxious parade .
or something or other , and not disturb us with his company .
but we must stem the tide of malice .
she did not think any thing less than two courses .
and potter began to cry .
but his reliance on mine , made every thing easy .
just as one sometimes is of the ticking of a clock which he takes no distinct note of .
and voluntarily seeking her again .
they must have seen them together for ever . ''
i 've tried it , and it do n't work .
`` that is an uncommon advantage .
now and then , through a film of tears , but he refused recognition of it .
remember that she is one of a large family .
tom said : `` oh , they have just a bully time .
she swung downward and clawed at the intangible air .
miss bennet had not been able to hear of his coming , without changing colour .
and that the circumstance of my being next in the entail of longbourn estate .
mr. darcy smiled .
who had intended to purchase an estate .
miss bennet 's astonishment was soon lessened by the strong sisterly
if i had ever learnt , i should have been a great proficient .
`` sid , what ails tom ? ''
appearing highly pleased with all that he had yet seen .
i shall not sport with your impatience , by reading what he says on that point .
mr. gardiner did not attempt to conceal these particulars from the longbourn family .
when they were met by the butler .
how he pushed his way out at the hole and then helped her out .
but there was no hilarity in the little town that same tranquil saturday afternoon .
mrs. bennet sent them word that they could not possibly have the carriage before tuesday .
`` but maybe they say it to themselves .
and therefore gave them to understand .
he had many a time heard of this thing succeeding but never of its failing before .
and stood looking over the paling fence and talking in reverent tones
`` no , sir , it ai n't fair .
but if they were offered wages for the service .
sid flew downstairs and said : `` oh , aunt polly , come !
as became outlaws .
and was assured with unwearying civility that they were perfectly needless .
that 's so .
and when accident separates them , so easily forgets her , that these sort of inconstancies are very frequent . ''
but what could set you off in the first place ? ''
cried elizabeth .
which .
superior courtesy to compliment him on his dancing and his partner .
there will be leisure for falling in love as much as she chuses . ''
that on his making some enquiry as to the manner in which her time had passed at hunsford .
`` dangerous ! ''
but they failed , too .
`` right now , if you say it .
and yet for the advantage of some .
`` i , indeed !
though their kindness to jane .
and by and by break for the water again and go through the original performance once more .
spunk-water , spunk-water .
one could have heard a pin drop .
what were you expecting we 'd found ? ''
but elizabeth was not formed for ill-humour .
all that i can promise you , therefore , is not to be in a hurry .
elizabeth , who had a letter to write , went into the breakfast room for that purpose soon after tea .
the money was soon in the bags and the boys took it up to the cross rock .
`` i thank you for my share of the favour , '' said elizabeth .
elizabeth could hardly help laughing at so convenient a proposal .
tom looked up in her face with just a perceptible twinkle peeping through his gravity .
and return to her friends as soon as they could be prevailed on to receive her .
avoiding mrs. bennet as much as possible .
what you going to do with yourn , tom ? ''
what you been doing in there ? ''
as soon as all had ate , and the elder ones paid , the carriage was ordered .
`` but if you have got them to-day .
to give pleasure to miss darcy , who had taken a liking to the room , when last at pemberley .
that had her family made an agreement to expose themselves as much as they could during the evening .
for on entering that place they removed into a hackney-coach and dismissed the chaise that brought them from epsom .
this letter is from mr .
and the last words i ever heard him say was to reproach. ``
'' continued mrs. gardiner .
he had rather hoped that all his wife's views on the stranger would be disappointed .
and i couldn't somehow bear to spoil it .
if you take it into your head to go on refusing every offer of marriage in this way .
and when we do return .
and elizabeth pouring out the coffee .
and the agreeable manner in which he immediately fell into conversation .
she said to elizabeth , `` lizzy , i never gave you an account of my wedding , i believe .
in society so superior to what she had generally known , her improvement was great .
if there 'd been three , he 'd be drunk enough and i 'd do it . ''
she immediately , with her usual condescension , expressed what she felt on the occasion .
nonsense , how can you talk so !
when the following account of my actions and their motives has been read.. if .
soon overcame the pity which the consideration of his attachment had for a moment excited .
tom went on whitewashing .
jim shook his head and said : `` ca n't , mars tom .
`` oh , tom , you poor thick-headed thing , i 'm not teasing you .
how shocking it was to have a bad cold , and how excessively they disliked being ill themselves .
he has at least great pleasure in the power of choice .
but mind you get back some time in a week , or i 'll tan you . ''
and who she observed to mrs. collins , was a very genteel , pretty kind of girl .
`` yes .
my daughters are brought up differently .
and though mrs. wickham frequently invited her to come and stay with her .
he ai n't no account .
and ended by saying that such a laugh was money in a-man 's pocket .
is merely adopted on his visits to his aunt .
forest and the boys felt a fleeting breath upon their cheeks .
'' said their father , `` for i hardly know myself what it is about . ''
everything below stood out in cleancut and shadowless distinctness : the bending trees .
her father had been an attorney in meryton , and had left her four thousand pounds .
aunt polly was vexed to think she had overlooked that bit of circumstantial evidence , and missed a trick .
`` i am afraid .
he had been around among the star pupils inquiring .
`` they are generally long .
the attention of the younger ones was then no longer to be gained by him .
`` oh , do n't ! ''
proved that he was generally different , which her own knowledge of him could not have told her .
he 'll play hookey this evening .
but of course she did not mention my name to you . ''
and i am in no humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by other men .
he did not repeat his persuasion of their not marrying .
that's fair . ''
affectation of candour is common enough.. one meets it every where .
and , above all things , keep mr. bennet from fighting .
and you never can be sorry for the trouble you took to learn them .
`` not as you represent it .
till suddenly fancying that it would be the greater punishment to her partner to oblige him to talk .
and the minister said , `` it was a judgment .
i wish you had been there , my dear , to have given him one of your set downs .
but i have nothing satisfactory to tell you .
the turn of your countenance i shall never forget .
i do congratulate you .
the red-handed made no response , being better employed .
for a while .
she heard an accent so far removed from hauteur or disdain of his companions .
`` a little bit louder , please .
and darcy approached to claim her hand .
sensible that if such an idea had been suggested .
and if you persist in indifference , do not make me your confidante . ''
aunt polly had drooped into a settled melancholy , and her gray hair had grown almost white .
how 'd you get around it ? ''
dragged him sadly forth .
mr. darcy was writing .
a stranger was before him .
i 'd a good deal rather be a pirate , now that i 've tried it . ''
i 've seen whole families in the same fix . ''
their other engagements were few .
`` the letter , perhaps , began in bitterness , but it did not end so .
who had expected to find in her as acute and unembarrassed an observer as ever mr. darcy had been .
lit in a tree over tom 's head .
huck , i do n't feel comfortable a bit . ''
then he gave his brush another gentle sweep and surveyed the result , as before .
they parted the bushes on the bank and peered out over the water .
for she had walked fast to get rid of him .
`` i wonder .
tom 's followed .
`` aye .
oh !
and in spite of every thing .
she was mistress enough of herself to whisper to elizabeth with a countenance of grave reflection .
and stood in the dark and heard the ragged one beg for the widder .
no .
the boys still listened and watched .
her heart did whisper , that he had done it for her .
`` probably not.. but mr. darcy can please where he chuses .
elizabeth asked questions in vain .
many of his expressions were still fresh in her memory .
his affection was proved to have been sincere .
for now he knew beyond all question that that bundle was not the bundle .
`` this is quite shocking ! .
and as for her eyes .
and when he was through .
had they fixed on any other man it would have been nothing .
`` well , i know that .
which did not surprise the boy .
in one instance , which she had been obliged to give in the other ? .
feeling really anxious , was determined to go to her , though the carriage was not to be had .
`` of music !
i ought not to have said a word about it .
i wonder when you would have spoken , if i had not asked you !
he could go fishing or swimming when and where he chose , and stay as long as it suited him .
he saw injun joe , and exclaimed : `` oh , injun joe , you promised me you 'd never. ``
when last at longbourn .
do n't you budge !
oh , mrs. harper , i don't know how to give him up !
for the sake of giving relief to my own feelings .
do not imagine me ignorant of their condition . ''
when he entered the kitchen presently .
impossible .
when she instantly drew back .
not fiercely .
' sneaked down the hill and never told anybody on the robbers .
he replied , `` say nothing of that .
naturally inclined my father to be of service to him .
the express was sent off to longbourn .
and if i could feel gratitude , i would now thank you .
looked warily out , found the coast clear , and were soon lunching and smoking in the skiff .
and said , in a whisper , `` the men sha n't come and part us , i am determined .
who left the place immediately , and mrs. younge was of course removed from her charge .
`` is your master much at pemberley in the course of the year ? ''
all through supper his spirits were so high that his aunt wondered `` what had got into the child . ''
well , they always do that . ''
a noise fell upon his ear .
you may have drawn him in . ''
`` i ca n't see any . ''
but if it be only a slight .
the man moaned , writhed a little , and his face came into the moonlight .
his heart broke and he crept home and to bed realizing that he alone of all the town was lost .
drunk and crazy at the time .
'' said miss bingley .
the sun rose upon a tranquil world , and beamed down upon the peaceful village like a benediction .
`` ca n't let me in , tom ?
but it went lame and halting , all possibility of impressiveness being at an end .
and often moving wrong without being aware of it .
the boys were not able to remember that their remarks had possessed weight before .
it makes me very nervous and poorly .
`` people do n't go much on hermits .
`` talk ?
then , '' said she , `` i shall give him up for ever . ''
`` that 's bully .
one , that elizabeth was the real cause of all the mischief .
dear , yes.. but you must own she is very plain .
you see , aunt polly 's awful particular about this fence .
`` yes .
'' said she , `` it will be quite shocking to send her away !
nobody forbade him to fight .
and mrs. philips protested that they would have a nice comfortable noisy game of lottery tickets .
and if i had known your mother , i should have advised her most strenuously to engage one .
his attentions had been withdrawn .
but not handsome enough to tempt me .
adding .
for , of course , they were to have a son .
`` after mentioning the likelihood of this marriage to her ladyship last night .
cried he , turning towards her .
she certainly did not hate him .
i 'll haul the wagon for you .
the boys ' hearts had stood still .
exclaiming , '' is not this nice ?
i reckon we 're safe as long as we keep mum .
elizabeth was surprised , but agreed to it immediately .
but how came you to tell us that he was so disagreeable ? ''
`` yes , but that 's different .
and you shall all have a bowl of punch , to make merry at her wedding . ''
young man of independent fortune to think no more of a girl .
fine muslins , new carriages , and servants .
and an allusion to throw in here , which were kindly smiled on by the mother and daughter .
carriages a quarter of an hour after every body else was gone .
'' said miss bingley .
than a glance from jane invited her to follow her up stairs .
but yet he had never met with so much attention in the whole course of his life .
`` it is not mr. bingley , '' said her husband .
so they patiently wrought until .
what is dead cats good for , huck ? ''
with all the town looking on !
they expecting every moment that the clear sky would deliver god 's lightnings upon his head .
after many squeezes .
what had he done ?
what is it about ?
and when miss bingley left them together .
on seeing her again .
was afraid her anxiety had done no good.. others of the party were now applied to .
either from pride or attachment , had evidently great pleasure in talking of her master and his sister .
`` do n't say a word about it , madam .
why , he has four or five thousand a-year , and very likely more . ''
would avoid her as his greatest enemy .
and the hurt finger went into the boy 's mouth .
'' said he , as soon as she allowed him to speak .
and all your respectable family .
and tolerated by him .
it was not to be supposed that mr. darcy would connect himself with a family .
however , passed his lips in allusion to it , till their visitor took his leave for the night .
work to get every body away from him and her daughter .
and darcy had never been so bewitched by any woman as he was by her .
'' she added .
the tempest rose higher and higher .
they had been walking about the place with some of their new friends .
thirty yards of board fence nine feet high .
even when the restoration of peace dismissed them to a home , was unsettled in the extreme .
`` that is all very proper and civil .
who had no other grandeur to offer .
not love .
and i am sure nobody else will believe me , if you do not .
and managed to put enough of it into his voice to make
and if we were beyond the hour , we could not be married all day .
they slept again , and awoke famished and woe-stricken .
with a very natural triumph on knowing more than the rest of us .
mrs. hurst and her sister scarcely opened their mouths except to complain of fatigue .
she was busily searching through the neighbourhood for a proper situation for her daughter .
`` dying ! ''
of his receiving in lieu .
it 's better .
the subject was pursued no farther , and the gentlemen soon afterwards went away .
a good part of the whispering had been occasioned by an event which was more or less rare .
`` you used us abominably ill .
were it known to the rest of my family .
`` as soon as ever mr. bingley comes .
`` now .
but her mind could not acquiesce .
without having ever been handsome , she felt all the good luck of it .
`` lady catherine , i have nothing farther to say .
can you pray ? ''
in the former were many good paintings .
'' said mrs. bennet one day , `` what is your opinion now of this sad business of jane 's ?
and shall hope to lead you to the altar ere long . ''
last time .
said charlotte , as soon as he was gone .
in that direction .
what could she mean by it ?
while thus engaged .
`` i have seen them both .
i have been a selfish being all my life , in practice , though not in principle .
they were in fact very fine ladies .
at least , you should not remind your mother of inviting him . ''
mrs. bennet was not in the habit of walking .
but only for a minute .
until the right time to say it had gone by .
she could only tell her nieces what they already knew .
how i should like to be married before any of you .
they walked towards the lucases , because kitty wished to call upon maria .
nor in the power of being agreeable where they chose it .
mr. darcy spoke with affectionate praise of his sister 's proficiency .
but it was premature : for when he started thankfully to travel off .
but perhaps mr. bingley did not take the house so much
tom wheeled suddenly and said : `` why , it 's you , ben !
how would she have behaved ? ''
paid his compliments , with his usual reserve , to mrs. collins .
the knife to the hilt in the young man 's breast .
calling for every one's congratulations , and laughing and talking with more violence than ever .
and though the motives which governed me may to you very naturally appear insufficient .
tom 's fearful secret and gnawing conscience disturbed his sleep for as much as a week after this .
and such an amiable man as mr. bingley , was incomprehensible .
by every civility in my power , that i was not so mean as to resent the past .
in the whole course of their acquaintance .
tell him what a dreadful state i am in , .
and mary .
`` lordy ! ''
miss bingley was engrossed by mr. darcy , her sister scarcely less so .
she might have supposed him capable of coming there , with no other view than what was acknowledged .
`` my dear eliza he must be in love with you .
who was now more than usually insolent and disagreeable .
and have such tremblings .
`` but you .
but from every window there were beauties to be seen .
and i could not have forgotten my revered father 's intentions .
there was one part especially .
he did look at it and into it for half an hour .
`` i would wish not to be hasty in censuring any one .
if i may mention so delicate a subject .
of his happiness in having obtained the affection of their amiable neighbour .
in his library he had been always sure of leisure and tranquillity .
he suddenly addressed her with , `` i hope mr. bingley will like it lizzy . ''
swaller these warts .
`` 'pon my word and honor i never done it . ''
`` no , no .
and he had the pleasure of being eagerly questioned by his wife and five daughters at once .
and .
and the best .
nothing 't i know of . ''
the house .
she 's a goner , just as dead sure as muff potter 's a goner .
she gathered together her quack periodicals and her quack medicines .
finally huck leaned on his shovel .
they may wish his increase of wealth and consequence .
my dear madam .
she could have added .
`` why , engaged to be married . ''
with cold civility , '' that miss bennet shall receive every possible attention while she remains with us . ''
and appearances were so favourable that when they parted at night .
the boys pointed her head right , and then lay on their oars .
`` 'bout what ? ''
`` it is a long time , mr. bingley , since you went away , '' said mrs. bennet .
but at last your uncle was forced to yield .
darcy ! ''
`` near as i am to you . ''
the boy 's soul was steeped in melancholy .
i think he said he hoped i was better off where i was gone to .
it must belong to mr. darcy .
grieving , and hoping she would tarry yet awhile longer .
world to make a body want to go and do that very thing .
every disposition of the ground was good .
and my relationship to your own , are circumstances highly in my favour .
her report was highly favourable .
there ai n't any , hardly , but's worth six bits or a dollar . ''
they talked of his sister , his friends , his house , his fruit , of every thing but himself .
a dollar for every weekday in the year and half of the sundays .
take a turn round that stump with the bight of it !
cried he , with more feeling than politeness .
likelihood undo the effects of your loveliness and amiable qualifications .
the group loitered away , still recalling memories of the lost heroes , in awed voices .
my father supported him at school .
her younger sisters soon began to make interest with her for objects
i want to talk very seriously .
huck finn is drawn from life .
`` only a. a. dead cat . ''
the boys ' hearts sank once more .
and in a minute or two were stripped and chasing after and tumbling
a groan escaped from poor potter .
she was very wrong in singling me out as she did .
mr. darcy , that you hardly ever forgave , that your resentment once created was unappeasable .
or the insolent smiles of the ladies , were more intolerable .
the boys were subdued by these solemnities , and talked little .
and hear with swelling ecstasy the whisperings , `` it 's tom sawyer the pirate ! .
`` but why all this secrecy ?
well , now let us be quite comfortable and snug , and talk and laugh all the way home .
glancing at the door , every now and then , hoping she would repent and come to find him .
in a word , everything that goes to make life precious that boy had .
`` is it under all of them ? ''
`` tom , we 'll never find him .
the old welshman came home toward daylight , spattered with candle-grease , smeared with clay , and almost worn out .
as mrs. gardiner began to wish to be at home .
and they gagged a little , but tom said : `` why , it 's just as easy !
while her sister .
but i will not be alarmed though your sister does play so well .
looks all alike all the way down from the cave hollow .
`` it is horrid , but i better , becky .
i know your disposition , lizzy .
elizabeth walked on in quest of the only face whose features would be known to her .
the birds were fairly rioting by this time .
2 ! ''
i would n't say a word , not to save his life ! ''
`` mrs. bennet .
and i am sure i never heard a young lady spoken of for the first time .
but i bet you i ai n't going to throw off on di'monds .
he turned his face away .
protesting that he did not in the least regard his losses at whist .
elizabeth was the least dear to her of all her children .
to give her opinion of all that she had seen at rosings .
and her resolution to be civil to him only as mr. bingley 's friend .
and therefore readily postponed seeing him , till after the departure of the former .
among the tomato vines and `` jimpson '' weeds that constituted the garden .
he subtracted from it twenty or thirty dollars for himself and as much for injun joe .
were they looking suspicious ? ''
`` oh !
tom was so stunned that he had not even presence of mind enough to say `` who cares .
with the crowd and said : `` is my becky going to sleep all day ?
which totally suspended the improvement of her acquaintance with mr. wickham .
aunt polly paused , perplexed , and tom looked for healing pity .
and tom touched the creature , to see it shut its legs against its body and pretend to be dead .
`` and to all this she must yet add something more substantial .
made no other reply to elizabeth 's salutation .
belongs to you alone .
and when he stepped forward to go to his punishment the surprise .
the effect was immediate .
mary very gravely replied , `` far be it from me , my dear sister , to depreciate such pleasures .
`` well , everybody does that way , huck . ''
disliked mr. darcy before they had known any thing of the matter .
well , goodness gracious !
my mother was in hysterics .
`` a gamester ! ''
when mr. bennet arrived , he had all the appearance of his usual philosophic composure .
`` i reckon it 's mostly what they say over it before they start it out . ''
now lem me try .
now will you ?
or speak her approbation in terms warm enough to satisfy her feelings .
but it was a `` sure-enough '' barlow , and there was inconceivable grandeur in that .
he 's a going to shake hands with him .
crash !
in the dining-room they were soon joined by mary and kitty .
how near were you ? ''
of those recollections that might not unreasonably have alarmed her .
his plan did not vary on seeing them.. miss bennet 's lovely face confirmed his views .
`` would mr. darcy then consider the rashness of your original intention
bingley was the principal spokesman , and miss bennet the principal object .
who had grown plenty strong enough .
now what have you to say ? ''
his voice began on a medium key and climbed steadily up till it reached a certain point .
they are destined for each other by the voice of every member of their respective houses .
he has been always remarkably kind to him .
and said : `` i dare you to step over that .
one morning .
in as guarded a manner as she could .
`` if you will only tell me what sort of girl miss king is .
though she was not very sanguine in expecting it , the application was a something to look forward to .
and i hoped to obtain your forgiveness .
was green with vegetation and it lay just far enough away to seem a delectable land .
neither could he on saturday or sunday .
yet , for elizabeth 's sake , he assisted him farther in his profession .
wisest to get it over as soon and as quietly as possible .
had seen a collection of people in whom there was little beauty and no fashion .
yes .
that 's what the niggers say , and they know all about these kind of things , huck . ''
a salutation which mr. darcy just deigned to return .
and still thought there might have been time enough .
nor explain to her sister how sincerely she had been valued by his friend .
every thing nourishes what is strong already .
`` but shucks !
who comes here into sherwood forest without my pass ? ''
are any of your younger sisters out , miss bennet ? ''
but what could she be crying about ?
by whom elizabeth sat .
thing capable of making him more uncomfortable than he was before .
she said she would try to hope again .
`` thomas . ''
darcy smiled and said , `` you are perfectly right .
stop her !
he had to be sure done much .
to throw off your unworthy child from your affection for ever .
be obliged to say nothing he may not like to hear . ''
with assurances of his eagerness to promote the welfare of any of his family .
`` the person of whom i speak , is a gentleman and a stranger . ''
was worthless in their eyes when opposed to the regimentals of an ensign .
but when he emerged from the towel .
as the earliest suspicion of dawn appeared on sunday morning .
[ groan . ]
real earnestness and sometimes with playful gaiety replied to her attacks .
`` my dear niece .
but , lizzy , you look as if you did not enjoy it .
`` and my dear aunt .
but in spite of the pains you took to disguise yourself , your feelings were always noble and just .
maria would tell her nothing more .
`` and what am i to do on the occasion ? .
far be it from me .
took a newspaper from the table .
the school stared in perplexity at this incredible folly .
you like it here , do n't you , huck ?
but when elizabeth told of his silence .
she will be married ! .
now .
day after day passed away without bringing any other tidings of him than the report
in order to win her admiration .
he knew where he was .
and i am so far from objecting to dancing myself that i shall hope to be
and their correspondence was as regular and frequent as it had ever been .
when he got abroad at last he was hardly grateful that he had been spared .
therefore .
seeing that she was really unwell .
i feel as if something 's behind me all the time .
and the most hospitable and much the most lavish in the matter of festivities that st. petersburg could boast .
`` you shall hear then .
after a pause of some minutes she addressed him a second
tom that the thing in his mind had struck hers also .
to whom they could give little fortune .
in lieu of the preferment , by which he could not be benefited .
her answer .
say .
jim came skipping out at the gate with a tin pail , and singing buffalo gals .
`` sometimes .
sobbing .
oh , no . ''
i wonder what he can be doing there . ''
as if she wanted to persuade herself that he is really partial to miss darcy .
`` indeed i am .
and .
but it is impossible for me to do otherwise than decline them . ''
gave him to understand .
they had long wished to see him .
tom 's heart ached to be free .
they shook hands with great cordiality .
aunt polly fell to crying and wringing her hands .
you would n't shet me out , would you , tom ?
but neither that , nor any thing else , awakened a suspicion of the truth .
mary was soon ready , and the three children set out for sunday-school .
it was a long time before she became at all reconciled to the idea of so unsuitable a match .
quick .
and give the praise where it was due .
he had gone fishing .
he had some intention .
public prayers had been offered up for them .
just at this juncture the boy felt a slow .
why , especially , when you called , did you look as if you did not care about me ? ''
that was all that made me come . ''
i wish i may never stir if it does .
that she ventured not to speak to him .
`` come here .
given by a young man of character , to respectable people , can have any evil tendency .
`` did he say anything ? ''
he was trying to trace a resemblance .
as this to knock the turf from under an insect like himself .
when .
so he thought over various plans for relief .
it was impossible for her to see the word without thinking of pemberley and its owner .
mrs. bennet , in short , was in very great spirits .
first of all , he asked miss lucas .
she repeated .
elizabeth felt herself growing more angry every moment .
upon this information .
but he may never do more than like her , if she does not help him on . ''
i fancy , lizzy , that obstinacy is the real defect of his character after all .
painful recollections will intrude , which can not , which ought not to be repelled .
then another and another , and .
'' observed mary .
reserve .
`` well , if it 's pretty dark i reckon i 'll track him .
his face lit with the thought .
`` i 'm agreed . ''
and was curious to know with how much civility on that lady 's side .
gone forever !
i dearly love a laugh . ''
on being made acquainted with the present mr. darcy 's treatment of him .
she answered in the affirmative .
tomorrow , to punish him .
`` tell me once for all , are you engaged to him ? ''
and it was not till easter-day .
`` my father is gone to london .
ask first one and then t'other .
by your three younger sisters , and occasionally even by your father.. pardon me.. it pains me to offend you .
for then we might possibly get a settled family there .
finally tom said : `` i can lick you ! ''
he has a very satirical eye .
i will speak to her about it myself directly .
but it had not been so in derbyshire .
said elizabeth .
but in vain .
well , monday morning came , and i was in such a fuss !
we have n't been doing nothing . ''
tell 'em so , sid .
gardiner . ''
but the horror of what might possibly happen , almost took from me my faculties . ''
after sitting long enough to admire every article of furniture in the room .
`` do you consider the forms of introduction , and the stress that is laid on them , as nonsense ?
that they should marry .
`` i do n't feel sick . ''
upon this signal , the youngest of her daughters put herself forward .
that by what she had heard from his relations in kent .
huck was to come and `` maow , '' whereupon he would slip out and try the keys .
so she sought the jacket pocket .
`` not one . ''
stop the labboard !
all the news that could be gained was that remotenesses of
you sly thing !
`` wait .
but she sat down .
and then he plunged into the stream .
and for your own .
first , that you will allow me the free use of my understanding on the present occasion .
let me congratulate you , on a very important conquest . ''
you would n't do that , now , would you , tom ? ''
elizabeth 's misery increased , at such unnecessary , such officious attention !
when the cave door was unlocked , a sorrowful sight presented itself in the dim twilight of the place .
and then came decisively down upon tom 's leg and began a journey over him .
i was obliged to confess one thing , which for a time , and not unjustly , offended him .
what an agreeable man sir william is , mr. bingley .
i dare say mr. bingley will be very glad to see you .
`` why , that , you know , is to .
for while there were visitors in the house , they could not be necessary .
tom turned upon the back track at once , and hurried his steps .
he will have frequent opportunity now of seeing her on the most intimate footing .
.
but elizabeth went to bed in the happy belief that all must speedily be concluded .
so it was a witch that done it .
i would n't hurt a hair of your head for all the world .
that it had found a new and weighty matter to interest itself about .
his first object with her .
but she was not backward this time .
cried maria .
`` mr. bennet , how can you abuse your own children in such a way ?
for the state .
as it was in her power to afford .
how wickham and lydia were to be supported in tolerable independence , she could not imagine .
that though she received his attentions with pleasure .
`` tom , '' whispered huckleberry , `` does this keep us from ever telling .
and covering her face with her handkerchief , elizabeth was soon lost to every thing else .
and when at last it considered a painful moment with its curved body in the air
let me see the list of the pitiful fellows who have been kept aloof by lydia 's folly . ''
so she lifted up her voice at an angle calculated for distance and shouted : `` y-o-u-u tom ! ''
bingley was all grateful pleasure .
i 've got it now !
her mind received knowledge which had never before fallen in her way .
after joining in general lamentations over the dreadful sequel of this event .
but tom seized him and said : `` aunt polly , it ai n't fair .
`` quick , tom , quick !
but now this mysterious sound became more pronounced , and forced a recognition .
my dear , '' said mrs. bennet , `` you will wait on him of course . ''
was brought in , with chains upon him , and seated where all the curious eyes could stare at him .
that a superstition of his had failed .
and this was a simple impossibility without smoking a pipe of peace .
nothing but concern for elizabeth could enable bingley to keep his countenance .
he has been here this half hour , and master has had a letter . ''
steady to his purpose .
the superintendent ( as tom expressed it ) had always made this boy come out and `` spread himself . ''
and had come to hunt him up for that purpose .
because if somebody sees these holes they 'll know in a
cried bingley .
'' said he , with a regretful pathos in his voice .
it was more than civil .
there is in every thing a most remarkable resemblance of character and ideas between us .
he still said it was `` all right .
`` design !
and he seemed quite struck with jane as she was going down the dance .
and the two clung together with beating hearts .
a hymn-book in the hand is as necessary as is the inevitable sheet of music in the
but i can not help supposing that the hope of revenging himself on me , was a strong inducement .
of peace in all families within the reach of my influence .
`` what 'll it be ? ''
the rest of the evening was spent in conjecturing how soon he would return mr. bennet 's visit .
by not asking them to dance , and i spoke to him twice myself , without receiving an answer .
tearing both skin and clothes to some extent in the effort .
and detestable as such a step must make her were it known .
is heightened into something still more interesting .
they 're too noble .
mr. bennet raised his eyes from his book as she entered .
and tell my dear lydia .
the burglars were forgotten .
`` perhaps it would have been better . ''
the heart-sinking misery of it !
not the first time , neither .
`` in nursing your sister i am sure you have pleasure , '' said bingley .
i speak nothing but the truth .
he merely answered her question , and read on .
the one missent must be first attended to .
`` my uncle is to send a servant for us . ''
she had rather be without a confidante .
`` what 'll you take for him ? ''
`` she did not choose it , '' said her daughter , `` she would go . ''
'' she added.. `` whatever can give his sister any pleasure , is sure to be done in a moment .
`` you expect me to account for opinions which you chuse to call mine .
that ? ''
i reckon they 'll come after old hoss williams to-night . ''
his unknown idol and the dread pleasure that lay in his high good fortune .
it seemed to him that life was but a trouble .
she was eagerly succeeded at the instrument by her sister mary .
`` that is very true , '' said elizabeth .
spirits whispered in the rustling leaves .
his civility , therefore , was most prompt in inviting mr. collins to join his daughters in their walk .
she soon grew too much interested in the game .
a respectable-looking .
of which it seems he has been told , by some of the good-natured , gossiping lucases .
she will follow wherever lydia leads .
less clear-sighted perhaps in his case than in charlotte 's .
saturday morning was come , and all the summer world was bright and fresh , and brimming with life .
`` lizzy , '' said he , `` what are you doing ?
perhaps with an undefined hope that something would happen that might clear away their difficulties .
when he suddenly reminded them .
when an answer arrived which deferred it all .
something about mr .
said he .
he climbed over .
of course they do .
i am sure i do not know . ''
oh , ai n't it awful ! ''
that had she chosen it .
they must stay there and wait until the searchers came .
the child began to cry .
and doubt as to the occasion 's justifying her coming so far alone .
and a sort of natural self-consequence .
`` nearly three weeks . ''
he's generally drunk enough . ''
and she choked back a little sob .
his mother had whipped him for drinking some cream which he had never tasted and knew nothing about .
not they .
she had heard nothing of lady catherine that spoke her awful from any extraordinary talents or miraculous virtue .
and mr. darcy found .
then .
on resuming their places .
and though her resolution was not to be shaken , her feelings must be hurt by such disapprobation .
but papa is so disagreeable . ''
to the girls .
he came two or three times to their different doors .
and with expressing his hope that it would now be rewarded by her acceptance of his hand .
it would be absurd .
2 , that ai n't the place . ''
four times he had his hands on that rich treasure and four times it wasted to nothingness
they sprang to their feet and hurried to the shore toward the town .
in her hot resentment .
hateful , hateful , hateful ! `` .
blew an answering blast , and then began to tiptoe and look warily out , this way and that .
yes , '' said elizabeth drily .
`` upon my word i can not exactly explain the matter , darcy must speak for himself . ''
every eye was in search of the parsonage , and every turning expected to bring it in view .
she stared , coloured , doubted , and was silent .
i noticed that .
`` what 's the row there ?
and no change was visible in either .
they turned and saw the strange dog standing within a few feet of where potter was lying .
and that though my brother thought he could not well avoid including him in his invitation to the officers .
he took advantage of me and died .
a month passed away before she could speak to sir william or lady lucas without being rude .
`` may i hope .
at the proper time mr. jones made his little speech .
she told me .
nor have i any thing to plead in excuse of my stay , but real , though unavailing , concern .
her uncle and aunt stopped also .
as he quitted the room .
they reached mr. gardiner's house , where they were to remain a few days .
tom , the way grownup people do with wedding-cake .
`` why will you think so ?
feeling it incumbent on her to relieve him from so unpleasant a situation .
it appeared to her merely the suggestion of caroline's interested wishes .
`` to be sure , lizzy , '' said her aunt , `` he is not so handsome as wickham .
however .
about the middle of the next day .
you got to find out where the shadow of the limb falls at midnight .
till anxious curiosity carried them to the face of her sister , as the servant was approaching the door .
whose reception of his advances she eagerly watched , and whose astonishment at being so addressed was very evident .
he wondered if she would pity him if she knew ?
becky hesitating .
what occasion could there be for making love to a girl whom he did not care about .
`` you can not be too much on your guard .
.
were imperfectly understood .
leaving her own and her relations ' behaviour to the remarks of the two ladies and mr. darcy .
and resolving to turn herself and her daughters out of the house , as soon as mr. bennet were dead .
but of this hereafter .
mingled with the murmur of a curse .
and the two .
i'll never speak to you again . ''
we may as well wait .
the desire grew to be so intense that nothing but the hope of a chance
with the assistance of her five daughters .
and closed with a description of how he left becky and went on an exploring expedition .
it was consoling , that he should know she had some relations for whom there was no need to blush .
1813. pride & prejudice .
if you was to tackle this fence and anything was to happen to it. ``
he had just breakfasted upon some stolen odds and ends of food .
you do not know what i suffer . ''
when sir william lucas himself appeared , sent by his daughter to announce her engagement to the family .
elizabeth had been a good deal disappointed in not finding a letter from jane .
d'you ever try it , huck ? ''
`` thomas sawyer .
but something occurred to him , and he lingered considering .
or the anger which she had herself incurred in the business .
`` though it had not occurred to me before .
so my curiosity was not so dreadfully racked as your 's seems to have been .
`` and my mother .
who could contain himself no longer .
to their tedious work long enough to get a bible .
had she consulted only her own inclination .
they were within twenty yards of each other .
sometimes one officer , sometimes another had been her favourite , as their attentions raised them in her opinion .
not been taken out of it by age and familiarity with failure .
but let me advise you to think better of it .
`` you want to tell me , and i have no objection to hearing it . ''
`` haye-park might do .
`` here , tom !
elizabeth was sitting by herself the next morning .
`` now , tom , hai n't you always ben friendly to me ?
`` no , not at all . ''
i thank you , again and again , for not going to the lakes .
oh no !
and a committee of sappy women been appointed to go in deep mourning and wail around the governor .
but if that be the case .
it will then be publicly seen .
and this bar ' l suits me , and i ai n't ever going to shake 'em any more .
chilly as an icehouse , and walled by nature with solid limestone that was dewy with a cold sweat .
if he had not wished to avoid a certain gentleman here . ''
you know , to think ill of a young man who has lived so long in derbyshire . ''
`` but if i do not take your likeness now , i may never have another opportunity . ''
though i am far from accusing you of cruelty at present .
but he would lie there cold and white and make no sign .
`` well , that 's so .
with a pallet of blankets spread down in it .
is not this an agreeable surprise ? ''
and as for purvis lodge , the attics are dreadful . ''
do you often dance at st .
and , therefore , abruptly changing the conversation , talked on indifferent matters till they reached the parsonage .
but mr. collins could not conceal his apprehension of lady catherine 's being rather displeased by her staying at home .
it was only a stone or a chunk .
`` yes .
judge thatcher 's wife dropped alongside of mrs. harper as she moved down the aisle
his attachment to rosings , certainly increases . ''
that he had not betrayed the interference of his friend .
and then continued the frolic far away up the shoal water of the bar .
but if you find you do n't like it , you mustn't blame anybody but your own self . ''
it was the patient work of two years .
`` not as i remember . ''
but the grounds are delightful .
some of 'em 's worth twenty dollars apiece .
bingley is most unaffectedly modest .
he entered the empty schoolhouse and sat down to suffer .
if i wished to think slightingly of any body 's children .
or to marry lydia at all .
`` did you tear .
so far each recital confirmed the other : but when she came to the will , the difference was great .
it is mr. wickham 's intention to go into the regulars .
`` his father was an excellent man , '' said mrs. gardiner .
now you hear it . ''
`` you begin to comprehend me , do you ? ''
or of the people who lived in it .
he went to a rotten log near at hand and began
and every body began to find out , that they had always distrusted the appearance of his goodness .
`` i do n't know , aunt , '' gasped the boy .
and heard the stony-hearted liar reel off his serene statement .
you had better return to your partner and enjoy her smiles .
since the boys , being good swimmers , would otherwise have escaped to shore .
how many years longer mr. bennet was likely to live .
my reasons for believing it are briefly these : .
once down by the slaughter-house .
he crossed before the doors .
and i am happy to say .
mrs. bennet was mindful of her intended civility .
tom felt just as insecure as he was before .
the place where they last changed horses .
to think i went and whipped him for taking that cream .
that you were not to sketch my character at the present moment .
for she was in no cheerful humour .
her adoration of mrs. forster .
mr. hurst also made her a slight bow , and said he was `` very glad . ''
which leads me to perform what i look on as a point of duty .
i will sit in my library .
any thing was a welcome relief to him at rosings .
that he came down on monday in a chaise and four to see the place .
so genteel and so easy ! .
next he sought ben rogers .
gardiner . ''
and when it appeared to her rather right than pleasant that she should go down stairs herself .
but i can not .
it is too long ago .
as might be supposed .
and turned away with a degree of ill humour .
this is the estimation in which you hold me !
though i doubt whether his reserve , or anybody's reserve , can be answerable for the event .
the recollection of what i then said .
she suddenly got up .
he was lying there .
one blinding flash after another came , and peal on peal of deafening thunder .
and returned no more , till she heard them passing through the hall to the dining-parlour .
he was not the model boy of the village .
this was exactly as it should be .
lie down , child .
when a body 's in such a muck of trouble .
but in spite of her , tom knew where the wind lay , now .
when hope was dead .
who took her so much by surprise in his application for her hand .
he do n't leave it off .
and as she stood before the canvas .
the terror of the seas had brought a side of bacon .
but as no such delicacy restrained her mother .
jane looked a little paler than usual , but more sedate than elizabeth had expected .
from the notion that when there has been one intermarriage , she may have less trouble in achieving a second .
tom gently put it back .
`` you will of course wish to have your humble respects delivered to them .
said joe .
potter took out a large spring-knife and cut off the dangling end of
that i can not accuse myself of having really done any thing to deserve to lose it .
you may ask questions , which i shall not choose to answer . ''
it was impossible to imagine .
she found that she was to receive no other answer .
i do n't seem to care for it .
for tom had told the whole story to the lawyer the night before the great day of the trial .
elizabeth passed the chief of the night in her sister 's room .
`` it 's a name that can open this door night or day , lad ! .
because he was idle and lawless and vulgar and bad .
but i hardly know what i have written . ''
had i been in love , i could not have been more wretchedly blind .
why , they 'd say , 'mph !
i quite forgot !
she followed him with her eyes .
and said : `` how did you come to follow these fellows , lad ?
tears were being shed .
her troubles were instantly at rest , her soul at peace again .
and of her possessing such a husband and such a neighbour as were not often met with .
`` i should not mind any thing at all . ''
i know , to say 'yes , ' that you might have the pleasure of despising my taste .
port , port !
when the ladies removed after dinner .
and sid .
and such low connections , i am afraid there is no chance of it . ''
`` fitzwilliam darcy . ''
disagreeable countenance , and being unworthy to be compared with his friend .
the judge put his hand on tom 's head and called him a fine little man .
he told how he went back for becky and broke the good
said jane as she finished it .
if anything had been discovered at the temperance tavern since he had been ill. `` yes .
and from that , i am inclined to hope , he might have been misunderstood before . ''
the minister raised his streaming eyes above his handkerchief , and stood transfixed !
and if she accepted any refreshment .
yours ever , `` caroline bingley . ''
and you 've got to swear on a coffin , and sign it with blood . ''
`` but .
and if she has the true darcy spirit , she may like to have her own way . ''
fly along the dismal corridors , and take each other by surprise at points where the corridors joined again .
should want one of my girls , i shall not say nay to him .
they assembled in camp toward suppertime , hungry and happy .
presently .
elizabeth , '' said her uncle , as they drove from the town .
`` for they s , h. oh , i do n't know what it is ! ''
it will pass away soon enough . ''
within doors there was lady catherine .
but the attention of every lady was soon caught by a young man .
they made a new compact to stand by each other and be
elizabeth replied very concisely that she was .
stepped back to note the effect .
oh , lord !
the door was thrown open , and she ran into the room .
it might have seemed to him a waste of pomp and
i believe him to be lady catherine 's nephew .
and when she ceased speaking .
but moved with a dignified swagger as became a pirate who felt that the public eye was on him .
and the consciousness of this , was another reason for his resolving to follow us .
but in general and ordinary cases between friend and friend .
and to mrs. gardiner it had a peculiarly strong attraction .
but those that suffered the bitterest pangs were those who perceived too late that they themselves had contributed to
and concluded with intreaties that the subject might never be mentioned to him again .
do but consider in what a disgraceful light it places mr. darcy .
they will take care not to outrun their income .
you are a great deal too apt you know , to like people in general .
`` dearest jane !
i 'll whisper it , i 'll whisper it ever so easy . ''
and burst into tears , and got up and walked away .
`` oh , you think you 're mighty smart , do n't you ?
she is really a very sweet girl , and i wish with all my heart she were well settled .
before and scarcely knew whether to be afraid or not .
for part of my plan has been to try to pleasantly remind adults of what they once were themselves .
but if you let him get away and get on my side .
i never met with anybody who delighted me so much .
`` what is it ? ''
however .
i have been meditating on the very great pleasure which a pair of
arguments are too much like disputes .
in a tavern , you know ! ''
as her successor in that house , she regarded her with jealous abhorrence .
they were content to reach ground again without broken necks , and take the townward track over the hill .
elizabeth reserved to herself the application for her mother 's .
peter was agreeable .
dear sir .
mrs. long said so too , for i asked her whether you did not .
becky supposed she would be glad of that .
they started through a corridor .
inspired by the splendor of his own act .
he made no answer .
`` my !
`` perhaps .
he presently encountered her and delivered a stinging remark as he passed .
another was a tendency to lug in by the ears particularly
she could not understand the sacrifice of so many hours .
`` it is well .
and you go and beg off for me with the widder . ''
on the very day of my coming home from longbourn , your uncle had a most unexpected visitor .
all expectation from the brother was now absolutely over .
for mr. darcy's pleasure in the bingleys ' invitation to the officers .
she said : `` sho !
they might come and catch him .
then he agreed with his friend that what daylight was left
if he had been a great and wise philosopher .
i lay if i get hold of you i'll. ``
now a procession of ants appeared , from nowhere in particular , and went about their labors .
and by no means of equal magnitude , you last night laid to my charge .
for he is such a disagreeable man that it would be quite a misfortune to be liked by him .
in the lonesomest , awfulest place you can find .
was it tom sawyer that found it ? ''
but elizabeth instantly comprehended that he was uppermost in her thoughts .
but i mean dead ones , to swing round your head with a string . ''
and i have had the pleasure of your acquaintance long enough to know .
and quaking every time it creaked , till he judged he might squeeze through on his knees .
`` well , the things is ours , anyway , ai n't they ? ''
and always avoided them when he could .
but on the decease of the incumbent of the living which had been designed for him .
i had to shove , tom .
`` pard , there 's thousands of dollars here , '' said injun joe .
after walking two or three times along that part of the lane .
mr. bennet 's property consisted almost entirely in an estate of two thousand a year .
you ought all to have learned .
and when i got to that old shackly brick store by the temperance tavern .
`` oh ! ''
that lady lucas will have a daughter married before i have .
one of his upper front teeth was loose .
said he .
but she would not allow herself to stay with her sister .
upon the whole .
the dinner was as well dressed as any i ever saw .
she turns away with the conviction that earthly pleasures can not satisfy the longings of the soul ! ''
you know you do . ''
and i will never see you again if you do . ''
what did you dream ? ''
all right .
`` poor wickham .
tom lifted his lip and showed the vacancy .
as soon afterwards appeared by her suddenly exclaiming .
i am happier even than jane .
the water was brought and thrown into tom 's face .
to no creature had it been revealed , where secresy was possible , except to elizabeth .
since tom 's harassed conscience had managed to drive him to the lawyer 's house by night and
where does discretion end , and avarice begin ?
and his jealousy could bear no more of the other distress .
and concluded with her brother 's regret at not having had time to
`` one of them does . ''
`` and pray tell her from me .
but an injun !
`` now you wo n't need to do that job . ''
and hence are much happier than any mere imitations could be .
`` she is a great deal too ill to be moved .
the boys stretched themselves out on the grass , filled with contentment .
what do you think ? ''
and that daniel webster himself might well be proud of it .
and then received his dismissal .
`` yes it is . ''
she gave tom a teaspoonful and watched with the deepest anxiety for the result .
and he was so much struck with the size and furniture of the apartment .
as they were superior to the broad-faced stuffy uncle philips .
`` did you ?
tom tried to put his arm about her neck .
seen anybody ?
however , they repaired to her room on leaving the dining-parlour , and sat with her till summoned to coffee .
there is a mixture of servility and self-importance in his letter , which promises well .
`` you can lump that hat if you do n't like it .
at present i will not say more , but perhaps when we are better acquainted .
tuesday the boys had the same ill luck .
the business of her life was to get her daughters married .
here are officers enough at meryton to disappoint all the young ladies in the country .
i know not in what manner , under what form of falsehood he has imposed on you .
it was a wild night for homeless young heads to be out in .
but his plan did not appear in the least affected by it .
she wanted no help of his , she would not hear of leaving wickham .
there was a brooding oppressiveness in the air that seemed to bode something .
i 'll take the chances on dropping into this town just once more , for a look .
i dono .
the inquiring eye was boring deeper and deeper .
it only remained .
mr. collins was at leisure to look around him and admire .
and anybody that 'll take a dare will suck eggs . ''
if you see him , you just follow him .
the jail was a trifling little brick den that stood in a marsh at the edge of the village .
in their marriage .
when they parted .
and that play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do .
'' he continued , `` and among them are some who will claim an acquaintance with you , .
tom had been restless and full of chafings and repinings .
i wo n't say it again . ''
they 'll all comb a body .
and they soon had the camp-fire blazing up again .
and elizabeth had never seen them so agreeable as they were during the hour which passed before the gentlemen appeared .
and so i warn you.. i have done with you from this very day.. i told you in the library .
and everybody said , they never saw so fat a haunch .
that was impossible .
before she found that the brighton scheme .
so i just put the bark back in my pocket and kept mum . ''
of thing.. young women should always be properly guarded and attended .
homely truth is unpalatable .
it may be remarked .
mrs. gardiner was surprised and concerned .
to promote his advancement in the best manner that his profession might allow .
they look upon it quite as their own , i dare say , whenever that happens . ''
`` no .
well , go 'long and play .
how could he spare half ten thousand pounds ? ''
they may drop down dead in their tracks if they ever tell and rot . ''
mr. collins was gratified .
they knew well enough that the raftsmen were all down at the village laying in stores or having a spree .
meaning to pass through the set to the other side of the room .
`` i wonder how long we 've been down here , tom ?
`` i would not on any account trifle with her affectionate solicitude .
she had never perceived .
and broke his arm . ''
i 'm afeard. ``
and she read it again .
caroline , i should think it more possible to get pemberley by purchase than by imitation . ''
he kissed it with affectionate gallantry , though he hardly knew how to look , and they entered the house .
and in the wretched state of his own finances .
express her impatience for his arrival .
and so little was elizabeth disposed to part from him in good humour .
and straightway broke into a keen run in the direction of the sandbar .
would draw down the ridicule and censure of the ladies both of netherfield and rosings .
he started to school and had the luck of coming upon becky thatcher at the head of meadow lane .
and every body had as much to say or to hear on the subject as usual .
that he had then no reserves .
for she has , without exception , the sweetest temper i ever met with .
that she would not trust herself with an answer .
that put the thing in a new light .
and as she would have liked to believe this change the effect of love .
and if i do not begin by being impertinent myself , i shall soon grow afraid of him . ''
`` oh !
he was as generous , she doubted not , as the most generous of his sex .
and no sooner had he and his companion taken leave .
i know it all .
the gardener 's expression of surprise , on beholding his master , must immediately have told it .
to fortune i am perfectly indifferent .
but the cheeks of the two who caused their confusion , suffered no variation of colour .
but it 's better than nothing .
lady lucas was a very good kind of woman .
but she could not approve him .
however .
accompanied by a violent yawn .
was the surprise it must occasion to elizabeth bennet , whose friendship she valued beyond that of any other person .
they could have found a cooler place .
jane , who was not so light .
the welshman eyed him gravely , curiously .
i dare say , in some way or other , of which we can form no idea .
there was nothing of presumption or folly in bingley .
elizabeth will soon be the wife of mr. darcy .
and people flocked there in boats and wagons from the towns
`` oh , yes ! .
i went there with. ``
have been in the scalping and skinning of the six nations .
`` but if she is really headstrong and foolish .
they were too much absorbed in hating themselves .
the girl `` put him to rights '' after he had dressed himself .
she attracted him more than he liked .
and of her stay in derbyshire .
`` and what arts did he use to separate them ? ''
`` you have said quite enough , madam .
but was too angry with lydia , to send any message to her .
the girl stopped and looked him scornfully in the face :
her spectacles were propped up on her gray head for safety .
i 'll bless you for this the longest day i live . ''
by all that i have ever read .
covered with a blanket , and bound to its place with the rope .
i want to quit this shanty .
`` an easy distance do you call it ?
and behold it was only a poor little evanescent partiality .
but why mr. darcy came so often to the parsonage , it was more difficult to understand .
she had sunk into a dreary apathy and would not be roused .
as the pathetic tale went on .
that injun devil wouldn't make any more of drownding us than a couple of cats .
public are not slow in the matter of sifting evidence and arriving at a verdict ) .
even if you 're chopped all to flinders .
i been so wicked . ''
under the waves of happiness that were sweeping over it now .
is it fun , or earnest ? ''
the remarks of her companions on her absence of mind roused her .
though while it was passing , the enjoyment of it had been little .
seemed to catch her words with no less resentment than surprise .
and in his manner of bidding her adieu .
for he is now in the custody of his friend .
but jane was very composedly talking to bingley .
`` why , i know it , tom . ''
though i am sure ( and i do not speak it to be thanked .
`` mary had a little lamb .
`` hello , huck ! ''
`` the names of the first two disciples were. ``
anxiously renewing them at all the turnpikes .
with amazement did she first understand that he believed any apology to be in his power .
he got home pretty late that night .
no result from sid .
whose affectionate heart retained a strong impression of his kindness to her as a child .
till he brought up at the foot and yielded up the
i would not trust you so near it as east bourne for fifty pounds !
he determined to yield to the stronger inclination and not allow himself
as he spoke there was a sort of smile , which elizabeth fancied she understood .
and on their being seated .
`` pardon me for interrupting you , madam , '' cried mr. collins .
to be made ridiculous again to hear old hundred sung like that once more .
presently she stepped into the kitchen , and sid , happy in his immunity , reached for the sugar-bowl .
[ see next page . ]
and offered her services , or any of her daughters , if they could be of use to us . ''
`` and have you heard from him often ? ''
but it roused only faint enthusiasm , which faded out , with no reply .
was heightened by the supposition of its being in some manner connected with the letter he held .
`` oh !
now .
it was believed that the search for the bodies had been a
especially when tempered with the silence and respect which her rank will inevitably excite .
`` it may perhaps be pleasant .
i wish i could say .
have you heard anybody ? .
`` what sort of a girl is miss darcy ? ''
the strangeness of mr. collins 's making two offers of marriage within three days .
on account of that scrape they helped her out of the other night .
they resolved to keep a lookout for that spaniard when he should
'' replied darcy .
there was now an interest , however , in believing the housekeeper .
`` yes . ''
i 'll just bet they will ! ''
presently he said : `` who could have brought those tools here ?
a dollar and a quarter a week would board .
talk about trying to cure warts with spunk-water such a blame fool way as that !
`` not perhaps of neglecting his own interest .
which not all his fortune and consequence might do away .
`` i wo n't either . ''
but i think i may defy even your sagacity , to discover the name of your admirer .
good bye .
the same party with him for so many hours together .
`` well , i have too , '' said tom .
that one could apply to .
till they were at the door of the carriage .
tom sawyer 's gang !
`` and do not you think him a very handsome gentleman , ma'am ? ''
it makes my flesh crawl to hear you .
miss bingley 's civility to elizabeth increased at last very rapidly , as well as her affection for jane .
`` how could i ever think her like her nephew ? ''
you better look out . ''
and elizabeth saw her sister 's countenance change as she read it .
`` what is mr. darcy to me , pray , that i should be afraid of him ?
he was moved to capture the skiff .
and in the mean time .
every day or two .
with a blood-curdling war-whoop , and sear the eyeballs of all his companions with unappeasable envy .
a call came from a window : `` who 's there ! ''
was spoken in so authoritative a tone .
though he had detected with a critical eye more than one failure of perfect symmetry in her form .
how shall i bear so much happiness ! ''
why did the forsters ever let her go out of their sight ?
the joy which miss darcy expressed on receiving similar information .
away in the middle of the night a wild peal burst from the village bells .
`` here it is , '' said the third voice .
said injun joe .
and she ventured , without any permission , to do the same by all her neighbours in meryton .
a catbird .
she was to accompany sir william and his second daughter .
make 'em walk a plank . ''
'' cried bingley , `` it would not make them one jot less agreeable . ''
in describing the civility of mr. and mrs. philips .
and were both protesting that they knew many women who answered this description .
said she would amuse herself for the short time she could stay below with a book .
`` but you see that jane .
he protested that she should receive from him no mark of affection whatever , on the occasion .
though expressed most concisely .
i always said it must be so , at last .
when i have a house of my own .
why it ai n't like anything .
like tom .
it was a very cancer for permanency and pain .
and .
their eyes instantly met , and the cheeks of each were overspread with the deepest blush .
who , breathless with agitation , cried out , `` oh , my dear eliza !
he made several efforts to creep out of his scrape .
do you know mr .
`` i have no wish of denying that i did every
why must their marriage be private ?
the consequence was .
he had been some days in town , before he was able to discover them .
to the extremity of endurance and that this was the result .
on their being joined by mr. bingley himself , elizabeth withdrew to miss lucas .
and as it assured her that darcy was not less answerable for
and not to any disrespect for her . ''
struck a fencing attitude .
`` he is as fine a fellow .
thursday was to be the wedding day , and on wednesday miss lucas paid her farewell visit .
that if mr. bingley and his sister pressed them to stay longer .
and yet it was an argument that dealt in limitless fire and brimstone and thinned the
no .
the smoke had an unpleasant taste .
cried mrs. bennet .
it distressed her a little .
darcy ? ''
turning to elizabeth .
but that charlotte could encourage him .
my fair cousin .
but it was safe out of his reach .
watching with all his eyes .
ben watching every move and getting more and more interested , more and more absorbed .
miss bennet eagerly disclaimed all extraordinary merit , and threw back the praise on her sister 's warm affection .
there are others just like you , tom , i 've not the least doubt .
and then we may laugh at their stupidity in not knowing it before .
who never looks at any woman but to see a blemish .
so it was decided to say nothing to anybody about the night 's programme .
it is useless to talk of it . ''
and pour into the wounded bosoms of each other , the balm of sisterly consolation . ''
`` oh , lord !
her home has been london , where a lady lives with her , and superintends her education . ''
and it grew so much worse towards the evening that .
they felt no longing for the little village sleeping in the distance beyond the majestic waste of water .
and .
colonel fitzwilliam 's occasionally laughing at his stupidity .
and such provision as he could steal in the most dark and mysterious way .
but i must tell you how it went off .
to mrs. gardiner , wickham had one means of affording pleasure , unconnected with his general powers .
'' said she , as soon as they were left to themselves , `` what say you to the day ?
and as she was no longer mortified by comparisons between her sisters ' beauty and her own .
seized the saved ones and kissed them , squeezed mrs. thatcher 's hand , tried to speak but could n't .
`` sh !
`` i hope .
not a leaf stirred .
`` i had not thought mr. darcy so bad as this .
as tom .
through with his part of the work ( picking up chips ) .
and they went stealthily thither and helped themselves to a chunk .
`` by your converting what my friend says into a compliment on the sweetness of my temper .
but , however , that sha n't prevent my asking him to dine here , i am determined .
when she had the comfort of seeing her asleep .
for she did not scruple to call out , `` what is that you are saying , fitzwilliam ?
lem me think a minute .
anybody might know that . ''
shadows of the trees and soon were buried from sight in the forests of cardiff hill .
with a will !
and could tell how many trees there were in the most distant clump .
mr. darcy .
she felt a sharp pang and grew disturbed and uneasy at once .
and as a punishment for him .
now , so he struck out confidently to swim the remaining hundred yards .
in a safe place tom examined two large needles which were thrust into the lapels of his jacket .
everything was quiet under the blinking stars .
colonel fitzwilliam entered into conversation directly with the readiness and ease of a well-bred man , and talked very pleasantly .
my mind however is now made up on the subject .
they were mourned .
`` you may as well call it impertinence at once .
`` why .
when he joined them at tea , that elizabeth ventured to introduce the subject .
all meryton seemed striving to blacken the man .
yet now i must believe you , '' cried jane .
lydia 's going to brighton was all that consoled her for the
eventually .
in passing .
who had married a man of more fashion than fortune .
that 's a whack .
what do you keep winking at me for ?
five years before .
and in the evening mrs. bennet 's invention was again at
you know that . ''
`` yes .
i have written to colonel forster .
a puzzled amazement awoke in every face in the house , not even excepting potter 's .
tom flew to becky thatcher .
in fancy .
for the last week they had seen very little of either lady catherine or her daughter .
along with tom , into mrs. douglas ' drawing-room .
so huck sat down again , and waited an hour .
but disguise of every sort is my abhorrence .
with very monotonous solemnity .
and teach you not to believe a word i say .
who had returned with him the day before from town .
which must be of the bitterest kind , because proceeding from a cause which no time can remove .
they 're found !
`` and is this all ? ''
it will be in my power to assure him that her ladyship was quite well yesterday se'night . ''
and perfectly compatible with the profession of a clergyman.. i do not mean however to
lest they might call down a sudden and special thunderbolt from heaven .
and wish you 'd cared a little more for me when it would have cost you so little . ''
the children awoke tortured with a raging hunger .
tom was in ecstasies .
the story which followed of his designs on miss darcy .
and thus he would die .
`` mr. darcy is uncommonly kind to mr. bingley , and takes a prodigious deal of care of him . ''
`` you are a very strange creature by way of a friend ! .
now , sir , why are you late again , as usual ? ''
that it was a favourite haunt of hers.. how it could occur a second time therefore was very odd ! .
she dreaded lest the partiality of the brother should have said too much in her favour .
every boy he encountered added another ton to his depression .
she was afraid of talking longer of his friend .
i believed you to be wishing , expecting my addresses . ''
his former acquaintance had been numerous .
'' said he .
he would run away from home and enter upon it .
she cried.. `` i , who have prided myself on my discernment ! .
you never see a fault in any body .
but i have no idea of there being so much design in the world as some persons imagine . ''
she sat down again .
these offerings greatly helped to ease tom's conscience .
in as short a time as mr. collins 's long speeches would allow .
therefore .
and the fence had three coats of whitewash on it !
finally he said : `` oh , boys , let 's give it up .
mr. collins 's letter had done away much of her ill-will .
or at least to see it with the leisure and comfort they had built on .
though you are the youngest , i dare say mr. bingley will dance with you at the next ball . ''
said huck with animation .
has merely desired it , asked it without offering one argument in favour of its propriety . ''
a conversation beginning with his parsonage-house .
or that i am in the least unwilling to think her a very good sort of girl .
to buy them , after they are married .
in order that he might be as far away from the
she found little , except the professed affection of the writer , that could give her any comfort .
in a few days mr. bingley returned mr. bennet 's visit .
`` but if a woman is partial to a man .
`` because .
`` you are uniformly charming ! ''
and of seeing a confirmation of every thing in mr. darcy's looks and behaviour .
`` lord , pap can tell , easy .
and then she diluted the compliment by adding .
she expected every moment that some of the gentlemen would enter the room .
will readily comprehend how sincerely i must rejoice that he is
or at least it was impossible not to try for information .
huck was having the same experience .
or have made him happy if they had .
the day was completed and crowned in a peculiarly satisfactory way : becky teased
and to lament over his absence from the netherfield ball .
cake , and a variety of all the finest fruits in season .
he promises fairly .
a landlord , a master , she considered how many people 's happiness were in his guardianship ! .
their party in the dining-room was large .
as the former thought her presence might be serviceable to her nieces .
my father bears it better .
she would not listen therefore to her daughter 's proposal of being carried home .
for we treated the other three with the nicest cold luncheon in the world .
mr. collins and charlotte were both standing at the gate in conversation with the ladies .
`` thank you .
his being such a charming young man .
while his sisters .
i hope i never ridicule what is wise or good .
presently , when the moon emerged again , injun joe was standing over the two forms , contemplating them .
`` what 's the reason he do n't know it ? ''
`` where is your sister ? ''
and shoot as many as you please , on mr. bennet 's manor .
`` you excel so much in the dance .
`` she is so fond of mrs. forster .
oh , lizzy !
for she is not the kind of girl to do such a thing .
and she had almost as long been ashamed of ever feeling a dislike against him .
in order to pass the weary time .
who was merely accidentally mentioned to me , and the family are quite delighted with her .
it 's thomas sawyer . ''
and i assure you .
`` well , well , '' said he , `` do not make yourself unhappy .
till she recollected that his being the intimate friend of bingley .
`` aw .
`` i assure you , madam , '' he replied , `` that she does not need such advice .
i found that miss darcy was expected to dinner .
a deadly chill went to huck 's heart .
the old sail flapped so furiously , even if the other noises would have allowed them .
and mrs. bennet , for many years after lydia 's birth , had been certain that he would .
first .
for some time .
and sometimes it seemed nothing but absence of mind .
i rather wonder now at your knowing any . ''
could go no farther , and thought only of returning to the carriage as quickly as possible .
his attachment excited gratitude , his general character respect .
a queer custom which is still kept up in america .
i certainly have had my share of beauty , but i do not pretend to be any thing extraordinary now .
there was no mistaking the words .
let me do it without farther loss of time .
they 'll all lie .
he was fully as uncomfortable as he looked .
tom 's distress of mind wore off gradually and the toothache grew irksome and was discarded .
put them next to your great uncle the judge .
mr. wickham was therefore at leisure to talk to elizabeth .
she was at first sorry for the pain he was to receive .
'' observed mary , `` but every impulse of feeling should be guided by reason .
lizzy , to fall in love merely because you are warned against it .
his mind might have been softened .
tom whooped until he was hoarse , but it was of no use .
'' etc. , performed a compassion-inspiring curtsy , got her meed of applause , and sat down flushed and happy .
perhaps other people have said so before , but not one with such justice .
can she be ignorant of what you and jane seem so well to understand ? ''
ca n't you ? ''
at present i have not room to do them justice . ''
mrs. thatcher turned pale .
`` they are married ! ''
such a promising thing for her younger daughters .
information , and knowledge of the world , she must have received benefit of greater importance .
his regiment is there .
in comparing them .
he ai n't sharp enough to notice us .
`` they carried it like it was heavy , that day at the ha'nted house .
i do n't mind it a bit .
he had not known that it was n't .
that loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable .
but though the probability of the statement was admitted at the time .
lawyer riverson , the new notable from a distance .
and deeply was she vexed to find that her mother was
had i sought an introduction , but i am ill qualified to recommend myself to strangers . ''
good , thought huck , they will bury it in the old quarry .
and presently began to turn off into diverging avenues at sheer random .
i could not bear to have her ten miles from me .
mr. hurst looked at her with astonishment .
my dear jane .
now they 're hot .
and then a glorious shout would burst forth and a score of men go trooping down the echoing aisle .
this nightmare occupied some ten pages of manuscript and wound up with a sermon
for as you are as handsome as any of them .
and , at last , on the young lady 's whispering to elizabeth again , he walked away .
she is a very headstrong foolish girl , and does not know her own interest .
however .
her feelings were yet more acutely painful and more difficult of definition .
which she instinctively took .
you must n't forget your manners . ''
`` yes i do , indeed i do .
he was unkempt .
`` no .
he continued pushing cautiously .
her answer was warmly in his favour .
puts it somewhere on every creature that comes from his hands . ''
but i never meant any harm .
were the whole arrangement complete , my disappointment would be certain .
charlotte is an excellent manager , i dare say .
and mr. darcy would no more suffer him to call on jane in such a part of london !
`` oh , jane , take care . ''
elizabeth soon heard from her friend .
he sat down upon the end of the pine bench and the
extremely agreeable .
never mind miss lizzy 's hair . ''
`` i bet he would .
and i confess that i did not expect to receive more than my due . ''
`` yes , i reckon we better .
more than once did elizabeth in her ramble within the park .
and to him she had hardly courage to speak .
encouraged .
in the belief that such a relation must assist her endeavours to obtain that promise from her nephew .
for there might not be any more storms .
pray do not talk of that odious man .
`` which do you mean ? ''
the last thing which he and his sons had done .
too .
they had been hid in the unused gallery listening to their own funeral sermon !
every sentence of her uncle , which marked his intelligence , his taste , or his good manners .
when the foundations of rome were laid .
amazed at the dignity to which she was arrived in being allowed to stand opposite to mr. darcy .
there is no danger of wickham 's marrying mary king .
and hastily seizing a sheet of paper .
their grandmothers , and doubtless all their ancestors in the female line clear back to the crusades .
chasing boys .
by mrs. hurst and miss bingley , they were noticed only by a curtsey .
wickham of course wanted more than he could get .
`` mr. bennet , have you no more lanes hereabouts in which lizzy may lose her way again to-day ? ''
that wickham should consent to such a scheme .
but elizabeth thought she could perceive that he was rather offended .
i 'll watch the whole night long .
hundred dollars was to be found in actual money in any one 's possession .
by-and-by becky suggested that they move on again .
they were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother .
especially towards those to whom he owes his preferment .
it was answered from under the bluff .
which , for charlotte 's sake , she made more favourable than it really was .
who .
snowbanks of girls and young ladies clad in lawn and muslin and conspicuously conscious of their bare arms .
they now walked on in silence .
he takes them now for people of fashion . ''
the blackness of darkness reigned , the perfect stillness was interrupted only by occasional mutterings of distant thunder .
`` oh , how could i sleep !
`` kitty and i are going upstairs to sit in my dressing-room . ''
as to a real , strong attachment .
`` indeed .
one can not know what a man really is by the end of a fortnight .
and do not run on in the wild manner that you are suffered to do at home . ''
mr. bennet , in equal silence , was enjoying the scene .
and mary studies so much , that her hours of repose should not be broken in on .
she was overpowered by shame and vexation .
`` we have heard only once .
but so they always are .
that i should be forced to make way for her .
not that i care about it , though .
you are not going to be missish , i hope , and pretend to be affronted at an idle report .
you got to go all by yourself .
oh !
and afterwards at cambridge.. most important assistance .
jane looked at elizabeth with surprise and concern .
`` i must not decide on my own performance . ''
you know .
the old lady whirled round , and snatched her skirts out of danger .
i will take you to a review at the end of them . ''
all that is required of you is .
`` 't is too much ! ''
there , now , that 's a good boy . ''
and discipline forbade that .
`` no , she would go home .
recurring to her mind .
there was a pause .
they cast down their load and began to open the grave .
bingley was sure of being liked wherever he appeared , darcy was continually giving offence .
elizabeth listened with delight to the happy .
held up her manuscript ( tied with dainty ribbon ) .
dropped the line and groped toward it .
`` i suspected as much , '' replied elizabeth .
she had once or twice suggested to elizabeth the possibility of his being partial to her .
`` never you mind , tom .
but i intreat you .
lydia has no brothers to step forward .
lord !
but luckily the concern passed out of aunt polly 's face
`` what 's that ? `` .
considered a while , then turned to the girls : `` amy lawrence ? ''
the night promised to be a fair one .
`` what 's that ? ''
snuffling .
you have deprived the best years of his life .
we foreshadowed our purpose to prove that our client did this fearful deed
charlotte assured her friend of her satisfaction in being useful .
if he wishes to avoid seeing me , he must go .
hard-eyed , and with evidently a great and dismal purpose in his heart .
about him and confessed in his heart that this was the proudest moment of his life .
they fired a shot apiece as they started .
what makes you think the money's. ``
the solemnity that brooded in the woods .
his friends may well rejoice in his having met with one
a pin 's brass .
the fine proportion and finished ornaments .
she had dressed with more than usual care .
a circus came .
and now the tiresome chirping of a cricket that no human ingenuity could locate , began .
when columbus sailed .
he deserves to be publicly disgraced . ''
it is very hard to think that she might have been mr. collins 's wife by this time .
and shoutings and pistol-shots sent their hollow reverberations to the ear down the sombre aisles .
huck , but there 's a mighty short cut that they do n't anybody but me know about .
this disguise .
and he slept the sleep of the conscience-free and the weary .
the mayor of the village .
she was as simple-hearted and honest as the day was long , and so she was an easy victim .
which could furnish her with an occasion of dictating to others .
but when the servants were withdrawn .
every time they met , it was more decided and remarkable .
and she came to tom 's relief without knowing it .
with whom any intercourse a few months ago would have been a disgrace .
mr. darcy called on his sister to join him in expressing their wish of seeing mr. and mrs. gardiner .
when they entered the passage she was there to welcome them .
i reckon there ai n't no mistake 'bout where i 'll go to .
in such dirty weather , and by herself , was almost incredible to mrs. hurst and miss bingley .
but such of us as wished to learn , never wanted the means .
s'pose this one here was to stick his skull out and say something ! ''
i should never be happy without him , so think it no harm to be off .
the upstart pretensions of a young woman without family , connections , or fortune .
`` miss elizabeth bennet ! ''
my brother admires her greatly already .
elizabeth bennet had been obliged , by the scarcity of gentlemen , to sit down for two dances .
he thought .
and her nieces are very pretty behaved girls , and not at all handsome : i like them prodigiously . ''
that every corner and crevice was going to be thoroughly searched .
my dear miss lucas .
`` well , go 'long .
`` indeed , you are mistaken , madam .
`` yes , and i hope to engage you to be serious likewise . ''
`` wickham so very bad !
`` yes .
satisfied with what the owner said in its praise , and took it immediately .
who , though extremely surprised .
but charlotte 's kindness extended farther than elizabeth had any conception of.. its object was nothing less .
and thus keeping his trouble present to his mind .
and i thought colonel forster looked very becoming the other night at sir william 's in his regimentals . ''
and though she did not suppose lydia to be deliberately engaging in an elopement .
what 's here , stay here ! ''
say you wo n't tell , joe .
he determined to make enquiries there .
mrs. thatcher was almost crazed .
for the united states .
but he would n't look .
she flew around to the play-yard .
and .
very well .
i am sure you could not treat the matter as you do now . ''
`` as i 'm sitting here , i did !
'' he continued after a pause , `` who more particularly wishes to be known to you , .
and when at length they all sat down .
madam .
and what claims has lydia .
tom and huck rose up .
she should have walked three miles so early in the day .
please , becky . ''
`` old metal , '' said tom .
came back and stood above the wreck discharging lightnings of wrath from over her spectacles .
at home tom learned of the cardiff hill event .
a feeling of self-complacency on the score of some quality or other .
that he was a remarkably clever , good kind of young man .
the congratulatory letter which elizabeth received from lydia on her marriage .
nothing could give either bingley or myself more delight .
that pick had fresh earth on it !
jim was only human .
they marked where the shadow fell , and began to dig .
on flow'ry beds of ease , whilst others fight to win the prize , and sail thro ' blood-y seas ?
i must beg to return to the house . ''
'' replied elizabeth , `` and i could easily forgive his pride , if he had not mortified mine . ''
and not a day went by without a solitary walk .
bending sweetly over pupils that were lately being boxed .
`` no , my dear , you had better go on horseback , because it seems likely to rain .
but he forgave them .
joe .
which was dated a day later , and written in evident agitation , gave more important intelligence .
turned his back to the audience .
stay , stay , i will go myself .
rustling all the leaves and snowing the flaky ashes broadcast about the fire .
then he thought of his flower .
`` lem me think . ''
and this disappointment had been renewed on each of the mornings that had now been spent there .
`` my !
and were listened to with about as much delight as the rattle of the chaise .
`` some time or other he will be .
mr. gardiner left longbourn on sunday .
and who was resolving to retail it all among her neighbours as soon as she could .
the promised letter of thanks from mr. collins arrived on tuesday .
who was fond of society .
we live in so different a part of town .
she thrust the volume into the desk , turned the key , and burst out crying with shame and vexation .
`` was you ever at a circus ? ''
and she determined not to venture near her , lest she might hear too much .
was such an instance of lady catherine 's condescension as he knew not how to admire enough .
i could hardly keep my countenance .
the questions which elizabeth had already asked .
what with her board and pocket allowance .
she then changed the discourse to one more gratifying to each .
soon after their return , a letter was delivered to miss bennet .
he was an indolent man .
i wish this may be more intelligible .
said she .
and even jane .
and as miss de bourgh chose to play at cassino .
and gave the rest of the ladies their share of mr. wickham 's attentions .
which .
and at that moment she felt , that to be mistress of pemberley might be something !
to the middle of the woods .
was nothing in comparison of that total want of propriety so frequently .
poor .
ch-chow-wow !
huck felt that a silence was going to ensue .
how i long to see her !
i am convinced that he felt it to be as much a debt of gratitude to him .
do n't whisper another word , huck .
but she could no longer be blind to miss bingley 's inattention .
i wish you very happy and very rich .
and exchanged the last words with them .
are in each other 's confidence and have secret affairs to discuss .
in my night cap and powdering gown , and give as much trouble as i can , .
i am persuaded she would find me in every respect ill qualified for the situation . ''
as they walked home , elizabeth related to jane what she had seen pass between the two gentlemen .
this new interest was a valued novelty in whistling .
done with candle-smoke . ''
and she said artlessly that she would be `` around '' when school let out .
perhaps it were better not to force her into accepting me .
it determined her not to attend her cousins to rosings , where they were engaged to drink tea .
that becky thatcher never once suspected that he was even in the land of the living .
`` this fine account of him .
`` in the daytime ? ''
and though he belonged to one of the universities .
she would not betray her trust .
breakfast over .
as convinced her that the improvement of manners which she had yesterday witnessed .
do any thing rather than marry without affection .
having resolved to do it without loss of time .
then he went tearing around the house again spreading chaos and destruction in his path .
well , it 'pears to be years .
because there 's other ways of getting even on her , that ai n't so mean .
it would look odd to be entirely silent for half an hour together .
no sooner did he appear .
between him and darcy there was a very steady friendship .
this was a lucky recollection .
for you are wasting your time with me . ''
'll be afraid to come back after it to such a place by himself .
and i take this opportunity of soliciting yours , miss elizabeth , for the two first dances especially , .
they are wanted in the farm , mr. bennet , are not they ? ''
if you should have no objection to receive me into your house .
with it in her hand , and said to herself : `` no , i do n't dare .
`` certainly .
just let him try it once .
to the civil enquiries which then poured in .
and on his return .
and presently entered and followed tom 's other corridor until they reached the '' jumping-off place . ''
his aunt wept over him and asked him how he could go and break her old heart so .
for on these occasions it was not merely a few formal enquiries and an awkward pause and then away .
`` books .
he absolutely started , and for a moment seemed immoveable from surprise .
